I hope you have a beautiful life. I will
be closing everything here on Thursday.
Um, I'll explain it all right now. But
when you do crack your own personal AGI,
whatever you want to call it. Doesn't
matter if it's AGI or whatever. I I
don't care what you call it. Uh, I've
cracked it and I am going to cook for
forever now without you. So, I'll go
explain the offer I have for you here
the final time and um I'll see you never
to you. Make sure you watch this before
tonight if you have the chance. So, I
wasn't going to post this and you're not
supposed to see any of this. This video
will likely be the one that gets my
channel deleted. They really don't want
you to show see this. I promise they
don't want me to show it. I'll probably
get sued for this. At the minimum, I'm
just going to take it down before it
gets taken down. But, OpenClaw has
changed everything for me. And it's only
possible because I actually did the
work. I set up five Open Claws on five
different computers while everybody was
saying use a VPS. Nobody's talking about
this because they literally can't talk
about it. They don't know. Everyone's
arguing about Ubuntu versus Windows
versus Macs versus VPS's. But I actually
put five open claws together on five
different computers. So I'm really the
only person that knows this information.
So you can see two here, another one
down here. These are different
computers, different open claws. I've
been cooking.
I've been cooking. They literally don't
know what I'm about to tell you. That's
why they can't say it. They can argue
about, you know, which machine to use.
That's fine. Go ahead and do that. But
I'm a data dog. I get the information
for myself. Like I said, I I need to
apologize because this is the end. I
believe code is a great equalizer.
I do. And that's why I've shared
everything for the last 5 years.
Everything, every idea I come across, I
test it live on YouTube and I share it
to the entire world. I get dragged by so
many people. I don't need that energy.
No way. And you knew this time was going
to come someday. You knew it was going
to come. You knew someday I was going to
hit the quote unquote holy grail. Even
though there is no such thing as the
holy grail in trading, but just like
algo trading, I'm never going to just
say, "Hey, run this bot." Nobody's going
to just feed you a million-dollar bot.
Just like algo trading, whoever cracks
this openclaw multicomput, five AIs,
whether it's open claw or not, five
computers, 10 computers, 20 computers,
100 computers, 200 computers, all
working 24/7.
Obviously, that person's not going to
share that edge with you. And that
person is me. I'm the first. I win. So
on Thursday, I'm out.
Thursday at midnight, you will not hear
from me again. I'm gone. Bye-bye. people
in the lifetime. Of course, I'm never
going to leave Discord. I'm never going
to leave my my family, but everybody
else,
goodbye.
It's been fun. So, I apologize because I
do believe COD is a great equalizer and
I said I would share this until I got to
Jim Simons, but sometimes the edge is so
so heavy and it's a winner take all
thing
and I think this is huge.
I think I can compete with compete with
Amazon, Google.
Yes,
that's where I'm thinking. So, that
opportunity is going to take me some
time to put the infrastructure together
and build the systems out so we can
execute it. Yes, I'll give you a hint.
Multicomput
AI running 247 365. I need to go ahead
and get so much hardware and you guys
are going to say I need VPS's, but you
literally do not know the opportunity.
So, the cool thing is is I've shown
everything in order to get to this point
to this point in time here on February
22nd. Okay, come on, dude. On Thursday,
I'm gone. I'm Ghost. I will give you
that three days because I'm nice and
I've always been nice and I do believe
Code's great equalizer. So, you can see
the Quant app right here. This was a
huge unlock. A huge huge huge unlock we
had. Why? Because we can literally see
everybody's positions. We can see when
you're squirming. You always thought
Wall Street could see your positions and
you're right. But I can too. And
everybody here in this Zoom, they can as
well because they have the API key. The
API key powers the Moondev app where I
can see literally everybody's positions
and so can you. But not only that, I can
go ahead and code times six. I got six
clog codes locked in with me all day
long. You think you can compete with
that? No way. The people in the chat,
the Zoom lifetime members, they have the
API key. They have the app. I can back
test forever here and see unlimited
strategies that work. 300% return, 137%
return. All of these things, dude. Yeah,
it's just for people that are in the
lifetime. And like I said, I'm out of
here. I'm out of here. I got too much
ahead. I got too much opportunity. I
cracked I cracked this entire system.
I've got five open claws and I need to
scale to more. I need my time back. So,
I will not be teaching this Thursday at
midnight. That's the end. You get the
API key. You get all of my courses. You
get the Mundev app. You get unlimited
data. I'll go ahead and explain
everything you get for the final time.
When I whenever I do have the urge to
share this again, it will be private
streams only and there will be no
public. There will be nothing for the
public.
You can see you can literally get data
for the last 10 years
on BTC or any symbol you want inside of
the Moondev app. I give you all my
resources because my thesis has always
been if I can get you caught up to speed
with me, then you're an asset to the
community. You're an asset to me, I can
learn from you. So, I've given you a
couple months to join the lifetime
access, get everything I know. Every
course I have that holds your hand step
by step in the process of automating
your trading. every other course I have
like the Solana courses, the Poly
Marketbot courses, my literal app that I
use all day long in order to code way
better than anybody else cuz I got six
clog codes here. You've got one. I've
got my back test machine where I can
hyper back test
and then I can see everybody's positions
and this is just 1% of the lifetime
offer. That's the thing. But on
Thursday, it's gone. I need my time
back. I'm sorry, dude. I need to not
speak through this stuff and I need to
just lock in. This is the biggest
opportunity I've ever seen in my entire
life and there's zero chance I am
sharing this one. I'm sorry. I believe
code's a great equalizer. And the good
thing, dude, is the the only reason I
was able to figure this out is because I
lock in every single day with you. The
thing that I figured out, I showed you
every step of the way. Am I going to
spoon feed you? Absolutely not. Neither
am I going to spoon feed you inside of
my boot camp. the boot camp. You know, I
don't believe that people are just going
to give you a profitable trading bot
because there's something called alpha
decay.
The alpha will disappear
and this opportunity with my five
computers, this is a a winner takes all.
Like I said, I'm I'm trying to compete
with Amazon, Google, and them now. So,
obviously, I cannot share those secrets
anymore. So, I apologize. I still
believe code is a great equalizer. I
still will have my YouTube channel. You
can dive deep into it and learn it
everything that I've learned. Learn
everything I've learned and then you can
go ahead and do anything I'm I'm doing.
This is the last opportunity to get the
lifetime as well. Now, I'll explain it
one last time. Moonv.com
This is what you're going to get, dude.
I'll explain it one last time. You get
everything, but this is closed on
Thursday and I'm not kidding. The algo
trade camp. This is where I hold your
hand step by step through the process of
automating your training. It's at least
a $3,000 value because I show you
exactly how to automate your training,
even if you don't know how to code. On
top of that, I give you the AI master
classes. This gets you up to speed with
me and AI. Anything I can build, you
know how to build by the time you go
through the Algo Trade Camp and the AI
master classes, the Solana onchain bot
courses. This was so hard to build. It's
obviously a $15,000 value because or
$1,500 value because it should be a
$15,000 value. At the end of the day, I
spent six months trying to go through
this and figure it out. I made it easy
for you. You get the Poly Market trading
bot course as well. Nobody is Many
people are not even trading on
Polymarket yet. And you can use bots
plus these private zooms. After I get
all my infrastructure back, if I come
back, it will be private zooms only. And
you guys in the lifetime are the only
ones that are going to have any access
to me. Like I said, I'm not competing.
I'm not
>> keep moving. We must keep going. If you
can't fly,
run.
If you can't run, walk.
If you can't walk, crawl. But by all
means, keep moving.
>> Like I said, I'm not I'm no longer just
competing with Jim Simons. I always said
I was chasing this man, Jim Simons. He
ran up a net worth of $31 billion doing
exactly what I'm doing. But now I know
what I know and you should know as well.
$31 billion is FUD. I'm no longer
competing just with Jim Simons. This is
a small sector of what I'm doing now.
Still focus 100% on Quant, but I'm not
competing with this number anymore. That
is FUD. 31 billion. Yeah, right. What is
Amazon's market cap?
Amazon market cap
2.2 trillion. That's who I'm competing
with now. They have a million employees
and I have a very clear view of how I
can have a million employees with just
me and my small team. Yesterday I was
saying Hyperlid is best positioned for
this to be the next Amazon with 11
employees simply because they don't have
to fire a million people. Guess what?
I've got a team of like five.
Uh-huh. And and we're going to be the
next million person company, but it's
going to be a million AIS. So, I have a
very very clear view. And this number is
FUD in my mind now. 31 billion. That's
cute, Jim. Thank you for inspiring us.
Our quant division will absolutely cook
your entire net worth. 100 billion
minimum. That being said, this is my new
number I am chasing.
Obviously,
I got to keep this edge to myself, so
I'm not going to share it. But
everything that I do know about
automated trading and everything that
got me to this point in time where I do
have this confidence that I can
literally compete with Amazon, a $2
trillion company, that's who I'm
competing with now. Okay, loud and
clear. Everybody knows it. I got to this
point by showing everything I know on
stream. You guys know everything I know.
Can you connect the pieces? Probably
not. If you're in the lifetime, you
should be able to because I give you a
ton of code every single week. People
are paying $300 a month. So, this is
your final shot. Thursday at midnight,
the algo trade camp is gone. The AI
master classes, they are gone. The
Solana Copybot, Sniperbot course, and
Poly Market bot courses are gone. This
is a $13,000 value. And it could just be
for quantite because there's three,
four, five years of code in there of
bots, back tests, AI scripts, and things
that got me to this point where I just
said, I'm done chasing Jim Simons. Yes,
we're going to crush Jim Simons. He only
ran up a net worth of 31 billion. I'm
building Amazon now. Two trillion. Is it
going to be directly competing on
e-commerce with Amazon? Of course not.
I'm keeping it to quant for now. I can
get this to 100 bill.
that would be the infrastructure in
order to then compete with a trillion
dollar company. That's just where my
mind's at. I have never had so much
confidence in my life and I've never
seen such a big opportunity in my life.
And the only reason, and this is why I
was dogging you guys, everybody was
talking about VPS this, VPS that, you
literally cannot compete with me.
You literally cannot come to the
conclusion I came to without having the
infrastructure I set up.
And that's why I'm always confident in
my ideas because yes, I know 90% of them
are just trash ideas. But like I said
this whole time, there's a 10% chance
that I find something that that
absolutely cooks. And I found that thing
and I know this is just the first couple
weeks. That's why I need to step back. I
need to step back. I need to stop
telling you guys everything. This
opportunity I have in front of me with
these five MacBooks, I can see
I can see a path to 2.26 trillion and
I'm going to chase that. I'm just going
to chase it by myself for a while. And
I'm gone. I'm gone. I'm gone. I'm gone.
So, you're still going to have access to
everything. You're going to have
lifetime access to all of this. If
you're inside of the lifetime package,
you have access to all of it. If I do
come back to any streams, it will be
Zoom calls, private Zooms for anybody in
the lifetime. If you want to learn how
to automate your trading, yeah, you're
not going to find this anywhere else.
I'm sorry, but I know what's in there
and so do the hundreds of people that
have gone through it. They know what's
in there. So, of course, we all have
good things to say, but I just want to
make it loud and clear that my eyes are
much bigger than they were before. You
thought my eyes were big chasing a $ 31
billion opportunity. My eyes are popping
out of my head now because I'm chasing
the $2.26 trillion opportunity. And half
of you are going to drag me for that.
Half are you half of you are going to be
like, "No way." But guess what, dude?
Guess what?
There's nothing different between me and
Bill Gates. There's nothing different
between me and Jeff Bezos. I'm actually
from where where they're where where
they run those big ass companies. So, I
grew up around that. And I have a clear
vision. I got a clear vision of exactly
how to compete. How to be the next
trillion dollar company. Let's get it.
Let's see. Let's see. I wasn't supposed
to be here either. I wasn't supposed to
be cooking in quant either, dude. I
wasn't. They told me I couldn't. I'm
cooking, dude. I'm cooking. I'm cooking
so hard. I have the confidence to say,
Jim, that is weak work here. You're He
He passed away, unfortunately, which is
very sad. 86, but I'm only 36.
So, you clock in to YouTube every single
day and you see me here. I'm only 36.
You might be tripping that you haven't
made it because you're 26. Well,
you got time. But if you don't know what
I don't what I know, you're cooked. You
can't compete. I was chasing the $31
billion man. Now I'm chasing the the
$2.26 trillion man.
Jeff, it's time, dude. It's time. You're
my new goat. You're my new goat.
$224 billion net worth. Okay, that
sounds good. That sounds good. But he
didn't have what I have. You got to
realize that. Neither did Jim. Jim nor
Jeff, neither of them have or had what I
have. And you have technically
neither neither of them did. So $224
billion for a person that has red blood.
My blood is red, too.
I'm from the Northwest as well. But 62
years old, 86 years old. I got time on
my side and so do you cuz you're
probably 25, 26, tripping. Oh, I haven't
made it yet. Okay. You going to leave
the computer by the time you're 30 or
something? No. So, if you want to know
everything I know, this lifetime offer
is gone Thursday.
There's no countdown here, nothing like
that. You get the Mundave Vault as well.
This is just a a freebie. You want the
last 5 years of streams? Well, like I
said, they don't want me to share this
anymore. They already took all these
videos off. So, this isn't on YouTube.
It's nowhere. This is nowhere. All my
past streams, you can't find them. Only
in the vault. And I give that to you as
a bonus. But Thursday, it's it's
Kapushka. It's gone forever. Mund API
key. I get people asking me every single
day, how can I have the API key? How can
I have my personal API key? I understand
the power of the API key.
I know I can see everybody's positions
with the API key. I can do this
programmatically or I can use the Mundev
app which you also get. You can
literally see where everybody is getting
liquidated. This is one of the biggest
edges I've ever uncovered and I show you
exactly how to do it and give you the
API key.
Now, I've been nice in giving out the
API key on the Zooms. I've also been
nice in giving the Zooms to people that
joined a program for like 69 bucks um
five years ago. Like, I've just been
nice. But it's war time, dude. I'm not
competing with anybody listening to this
anymore. I'm sorry. No offense to you.
I'm not compet competing with you or any
of your friends.
I was competing with Jim Simons. I still
am. This is going to be the arm that
takes me to 100 bill.
But now I got this man in my eye. And
actually, not even this man. I got this
company in my eye.
And no, I'm not hiring. I'm not hiring
anyone. I'm not hiring anyone. We have
our team. We're set. All applications
closed. Moonv.com/careers
closed. No reason to apply. 2.26
trillion is the opportunity. Nvidia,
Microsoft, Apple, Amazon, Mundev,
and please tell me I can't. Please
fill up the internet with Mundev. Can't
do it. Please, please, please, just cuz
that's gotten me this far. Tell me I
can't and I'll show you how.
Do you want to know everything I know?
Get the API key, get the vault, get the
algo trade camp. I'll show you step by
step how to automate your trading. You
get my trading bot GitHub as well. So
everything in the last five years I
upload to that GitHub. New things I
upload to that GitHub. I'm going to keep
cooking. Jim Simons is a competitor.
He's not the He's not the twinkle of my
eye anymore.
Sorry, dude. I see what I I can do now.
I see how I can cook across five
computers. That's why I set them up. I
wanted to see the workflow. Oh, yes. I
can do this now. I can have a million
computers. And they can't. They can, but
they have to go they have to go fire a
million people. That's the opportunity.
All of these old school mega corpse,
they're not going to be able to just
fire a million people. They just won't
be able to
just like crush the crush the uh uh the
whole world. Now you're back at it
again. You know, 7 to 9. Look how much
more training I have done by simply
starting at four, right? And so now you
do that and as the years go on, the
separation that you have with your
competitors and your peers just grows
>> larger and larger and larger and larger
and larger.
>> By year five or six, doesn't matter what
kind of work they do in a summer,
they're never going to
>> they're never going to catch up. You're
never going to catch up to me. I'm
sorry. If you haven't been here for 5
years, locked in for four to 6 hours a
day with 20 to 30 extremely smart
engineers telling you, "Check out this,
check out that. Oh, I saw you code like
this. Go ahead and try that." If you
haven't been doing that like I have, you
will never catch up.
Unless you take me up on this and you
learn literally everything I know in
short, concise videos. That's what I
show you in the trade camp. That's what
I show you in the AI master classes. I'm
giving you a chance here, dude. So, like
you guys can say no to this or like,
okay, I'm never going to buy somebody's
knowledge. Well, guess who bought
knowledge? Jim Simons. How many how much
money did he spend on consultants?
How many how many sciences scientists
did he hire? He spent money for
knowledge. That's my goat.
How much did How many people did Amazon
hire to get to 2.2 trillion? They're
buying knowledge. How many consultants
did they hire? How many courses did Jeff
Bezos buy in order to learn things he
didn't know? How about Andy Jasse who
runs it now? Where's the headquarters?
Seattle, Washington. Oh snap. Where am I
from? Oh snap. Oh snap. Wow. Oh snap,
dude. Oh snap. This is crazy. Oh snap.
He's got red blood. Oh snap. Me too. Oh,
see people are going to tell me I can't
do this. Oh snap. I've been hearing that
my entire life. Oh snap. My my seventh
grade home room teacher told me that
Mundev, you're not going to make it
around here. We're going to have to hold
you back at the minimum or you got to go
find another Oh snap. I've been told the
entire life. Oh, put Monkey boy in the
game. Let's see the monkey cook. Oh
snap. I've been here for a long time,
dude. I've been having people on the
stands for a long, long time telling me
what I can't do. And then I just go drop
30, 40, 50, whatever we need. I don't
care. Please, I want you to tell me I
can't compete with Amazon. I do because
you don't know what I know now. I'm the
only one on the internet
that has actually set up five open claws
and I know for a fact I'm the only one
that has a trillion dollar vision in
their mind because most people are still
wondering if they should even try open.
I was talking to somebody today. He
said, "Dude, I'm too scared to use Open
Claw because everybody says it's
dangerous." Guess what else is
dangerous?
The internet was dangerous when it came
out. The blockchain was dangerous when
it came out.
Anything new, any techn technological
revolution is dangerous.
So,
think about it. I'm quitting YouTube.
I'm quitting sharing this stuff. I'm the
one that says, "I'm going to share
everything because I believe code's the
great equalizer." I'm the one that's
been told his whole entire life he can't
do this or that. and then he just goes
and does it. But then I share it every
single step of the way. But like with
trading bots, I'm never going to just
give you a plugandplay bot and say,
"Hey, go make a billion dollars." No,
nobody's going to do that. Alpha decay.
Remember Alpha Decay, OpenClaw.
Everybody is having analysis paralysis
right now. They're too overwhelmed.
There's too much going on. There's too
much noise with OpenClaw. Everybody's
saying, "Buy a Mac Mini. Buy a Mac Pro.
You don't need a Mac Mini. You need a
VPS. There's too much noise. I'm
literally the only one that is cooking
and I get I got the reward. I got the
reward. So, I know that reward and I
need my time. I need my time alone. I
just need to be locked in. Me and my
computer, not talking through this
anymore. If I ever come back, it will
just be for the lifetime members. So, if
you want to get into the lifetime, this
is literally your last opportunity. You
get the algo trade camp, you get the AI
master classes, you get the Solana
copybot and sniper course, you get the
polyarket trading bot course. And every
single one of these,
every single thing when you see on my
screen, I use
these systems in my day-to-day. And I
will be using
every single one of these systems
in my chase to, you know, blow by our
our little competitor gym
and then attack this market cap. Cuz
remember, they cannot fire a million
people. That would be the end of the
world if Amazon fired a million people.
But I can hire a million AIS.
to do a 100x
of what they're doing. Of course, I I'm
going to keep applying it to quant until
I blow past this man. But I just want to
be very very clear here.
I have found something so big with my
five computers, OpenClaw, and the whole
premise of AI working 24/7 on individual
machines. I will never listen to anybody
about Ubuntu. I will never listen about
VPS's or Windows. I found my trippy kit.
And that's the great thing about
business, dude, is you get to take your
strategy to wherever you want to take
it. That's the great thing about
trading. You get to trade when you want
to trade. And you just have to look in
the mirror. And I'm ecstatic because I
got into algo trading. So, I wouldn't
have to listen to anybody. I don't have
to have clients. I don't have to have a
boss. I don't have to have teammates. I
don't have to I don't have to talk to
anybody. It's fire. I love algo trading.
I love it. I love it.
Now, the only reason I'm I'm interested
in scaling to a actual big company. Now,
remember, it's going to be Nvidia,
Microsoft, Apple, and Mundev. The only
reason I'm interested is because I don't
have to hire people anymore. I can have
a million people just like Amazon. And
of course, they're not people,
but I have it in my mind. And, you know,
maybe I fail. Maybe I fail. That's fine.
I need my time. I need I need my time.
So, I'm just I'm exiting. I'm I'm
quitting. I'm quitting this whole like
stream sharing everything. I still
believe code equalizer. It's the only
reason I have the confidence to compete
with Nvidia, Microsoft, and Apple.
Jim, it's been fun, bro, but we are
about to smoke you. I'm sorry. It's cute
little math you got there. Cute little
science he's got there. And I'm going to
have some cute little quants coping so
so hard off this one. But you can cope
alone because at the end of the day,
you're not going to hear from me
anymore. So, you're welcome. Much love
to you. If you want to get caught up
with me, you have two options. One,
tinker for 5 years. Try to figure out
all of this algo trading stuff that Jim
Simons literally does.
Try to figure it out. But by year five,
I'll be on year 10. And remember, I've
got 30 intelligent engineers here all
day long telling me which way to go.
So,
not only am I going to be on year 10 by
the time you waste five years, I'll
probably be on year like 20. So, good
luck. Good luck. Good luck. Good luck.
Or take me up on this lifetime offer and
get everything I know. Get caught up to
speed with me and stay inside the
Discord with me. I will be gone from the
public, but I will be in the Discord.
You get my AI agents GitHub as well.
Then on top of that, you get Quant app
access. And you saw the power of Quant
app. You can see everybody's positions
and trade based off of liquidations. Or
you can code like a king. Have six quads
here. Back test like a king. Dude, come
on. Let's lock in. I built this for
myself. But I believe codes a great
equalizer. So I share it with everybody
in the lifetime.
It's a $48,000 value. You see why? I'm
not playing games. I'm not trying.
Somebody asked me is $12 enough to
trade. Come on, dude. We're just not the
same. We're just not the same. asking me
if $12 is enough to trade. I'm literally
not talking to you.
I'm chasing the $31 billion man. Don't
ask me if $12 is enough to trade.
This is a $48,000 value. If you want
something cheap, you got to you got to
do it yourself.
You got to do it yourself. Fast, good,
cheap. Dude, this is me. I'm fast and
good. I will buy people's knowledge. If
you know something I don't know that I
am going to go try to figure out myself,
I would be an idiot not to buy it from
you. So if you're if you haven't been
algo trading for 5 years, I'm not going
to call you an idiot. But pick yours.
Cheap, good, fast. If you want cheap,
which one do you want now? Me, I want
good. I want fast. So that's what I'm
going to give you. But you got like two,
three days. Thursday. So it's Sunday. I
thought it was Monday to be real because
I I I don't live life like you. I'm
sorry. I've seen people outside today.
They having their little casual Sundays.
I'm already in the gym, dude. Come on.
Let's lock in. Let's lock in. This is
worldchanging opportunity for me
obviously, but I can't share it with
every
lifetime offer. This is lifetime access.
You get all new drops, all everything.
So, this is my goodbye.
It's a $48,000 value here. You can see
hundreds of people just like yourself
found me and you can have access to it.
I'm not going to charge you all that.
I'm not even going to charge you 24 or
12. I should I should get you on a call
and sell this for 12,000. Not even going
to charge 12 7,200 for it. 1,500 bucks.
And this is actually right here. And I
took $1 off. I took $1 off to celebrate.
So, it's a 90-day money back guarantee,
no questions asked. Go to moonab.com/go.
And I took $1 off to celebrate my exit.
So, if you want in, you have two
options. One,
$1,499
an investment in yourself in a new way
of trading. I'll show you exactly how to
automate your trading step by step. If I
ever do a Zoom call again, you're the
only people getting in. The lifetime all
access
is going to get you caught up to speed
with me. using at the store. They're
really at the store. You just don't have
it yet. It ain't like that [__] don't
exist. It's just really at the store.
That's how I looked at my whole life. If
I want it, if I believe I can have it,
then that's my reality.
>> That's my reality, dude. That's my
reality. So, I'm excited. I'm excited.
OpenCloud changed my life, dude. And I'm
not telling you how I put it together,
but I showed you everything. And I've
shown you exactly how to automate your
trading. I've shown you how to code. The
boot camp shows you how to code. AI
master classes show you how to get up to
speed with me on AI. Have AI do all the
coding. You haven't seen me code in
years, dude. But I'm cooking. I'm
cooking so hard that I'm literally just
past Jim Simons in my mind. I don't have
$31 billion, but I'm not even competing
with him anymore. We're going to have an
arm of quant, of course, but I'm chasing
this number now. 2.26 trillion. Let's
get it. If you want on the inside, get
on the inside. It's mundave.com/go. I'll
put it in the chat, but I'm done talking
about this. It's I I've explained
everything. If you have any questions,
let me know in the chat. I will spend
some time today answering any questions
because I know this is um
what do you call that? Abrupt. I know
this is abrupt. I get it. I I've been
saying I believe CO is a great equalizer
and that I'm going to share everything
along the way. But I've shared
everything for 5 years and I'm sorry,
but I've I've done my good. I've done my
God's work. I literally built a program
that will take you from hand trader to
fully automated trader. And if you say
that's not worth $1,500, then you're not
a trader. You're not a trader. You're
not a good trader. At least, let's be
honest, because you can even get it down
to two payments of 777.
You can pay in crypto, you can use card,
you can use CLA, whatever you need.
Dude, at the end of the day, you got 4
days, 18 hours, and 10 minutes.
You get the algo trade camp,
you get the AI master classes, you get
the Solana copybot course, you get the
Poly Market Trading Bot course, you get
the unlimited private Zoom calls.
So whenever I have private Zoom calls
again, these are the only people that
are going to hear from me. I'm sorry.
This is too big of an opportunity. I
need my time. I need my space. Quan
Elite, I've been sharing for 5 years and
you have all of the code, dude. 300 plus
bots and back test. People are paying
$300 a month for this now. So if you're
if you're paying for the elite right
now, upgrade right now, dude. This is
for you. It's lifetime access everything
in the future. All new drops. You get
the Mundev vault. You get the Mundev API
key. You get my trading bot GitHub and
my AI agent GitHub. Plus, you get
Quantapp access. And this is
revolutionary. We literally before I
dropped this, you literally had no place
to go to see everybody's positions. But
now I can see this guy gets liquidated
for $2 million and 0.2%. 2%. You think
that they're hunting you? I'm hunting
you. I'm hunting you. So you think Wall
Street's hunting you. I'm hunting you.
Everybody that is inside of this
lifetime is hunting hunting you. Dude,
you were right. Mounddev API key allows
you to hunt other people. But guess
what? Like I said a couple days ago, I
was doing one last training and I made
that last training and guess what? Now
my open claws know everything I know.
So, instead of teaching you guys and
trying to get you up to speed so you can
be an asset to our community, I'm just
going to get more and more open claws up
to speed. And I'm not telling you my
trippy kit. I've told you enough. I've
told you the trippy kit. I told you I
use MacBooks. I use two MacBooks, two
and three Mac minis.
And I've been adamant about that's the
way. If you go get a Mac or a Mac Mini,
are you going to be able to recreate
what I'm doing? No. Absolutely not.
There's secret sauce that I will never
tell anybody. I can't. I'm locking in
for a month. At least a month by myself.
It's probably going to take me two
months. And why would I come back? Why
would I come back? Why would I come
back? 31 billion. I can share 30
billion, but I don't know. I'm just I'm
extremely geeked. And some will say this
is AI psychosis. Whatever. I don't care.
I don't care what I know now.
I just can't share. Just like I can't
just tell you what bot to run. I can't
do that and nobody's ever gonna do that.
So, I don't know. Obvious for obvious
reasons, I'm out of here. Uh much love
to you. You can get in if you'd like.
Moonav.com/go.
There is a 100% money back guarantee. No
questions asked. So, you can really dive
in. See what all of these people see.
Learn the materials. Learn how to
automate your trading. Learn how to use
AI like I do. Learn how to build on
Solana and Poly Market. Get Quan Elite,
which has literally three to five years
of code, 300 plus bots and back test.
Get my vault, so when I'm gone, you can
still watch five years of training
videos. Get the API key so when I'm
gone, you can still go through and see
everybody's positions. Get the Mundev
app.
You get all of this as a bonus,
which is pretty far. So, if you have any
questions, let me know in the chat.
And yeah, this is this is the end. So,
this is the end. Lifetime all access.
You got four days. I had to make this
announcement and now I'll just I'll
replay this announcement from here on
out so you can understand it. So, is
this a replay? Yeah. If if this is not
February 22nd at 9:52,
that's an hour ahead of EST. So, it's
8:52 EST. Yes, this is a replay, but I
had to go, dude. I had to go. Some of
you are catching this live, but I wanted
to make one last overview of everything
you get because people still have
questions about what do you get when you
join Lifetime Access. You got 4 days to
meander if you want to get this, but in
reality, you have 90 cuz there's a
90-day money back guarantee, no
questions asked.
It's been fun, bro. And like I said, I I
wanted to apologize to you guys.
I gave you my all these last few years
and I feel like, you know, it's it's
selfish of me to say this, but I deserve
it. I deserve to know what I know now.
And I deserve to not compete with all
the the incelss in crypto anymore. I
just don't like the vibe. I don't like
the attitude. I don't like the whole
like um I'm better than you because I
know this and that. I think anybody can
do anything and that's the only reason
we're all here. I believe in you, dude.
Don't listen to those incelss. When I'm
gone, I know it's going to be a darker
place. I know there's not going to be as
many seven7s. I know there's not going
to be as many people sharing things. I
get it. This is a scarcity-led industry,
but this is a winner take all. This is a
winner take all with
with what I found out. And I just like I
guess I'm being greedy this time. But I
deserve it. I deserve it. after five
years of sharing my absolute all after
five years of hurt hearing like some
awful awful things about me then you
don't even know me dude you don't even
know me all you know is that I lock in
every single day and I share everything
and I've been doing it for 5 years so
please be good to each other know that
if you do have the priv privilege of
being in the America United States you
have infrastructures that others don't
have and a good point of this is dude
literally if you're in the US you can
use cla while the rest of the world
can't. So when I hear things like, "Oh,
Mundev, he he's in the Philippines. He
lives in the Philippines. I'm not even
going to listen to him." That stuff irks
me, dude. So why am I going to share
with intels? I'm not I know 90 I know
83% of you are not intel, but the rest
of you like
sad, dude. Sad.
Believe in others. Share as much as you
possibly can.
I really love sharing with you guys.
83% of you. I I love you forever. Um I I
do want to make this clear that this
this is the end. So if you want lifetime
all access to everything I know, you get
the algo trade camp. I show you step by
step how to automate your trading. If
you want to learn exactly how to use AI
like I do, this is what I'm I'm
literally the things I teach you here
and here is what's going to fuel me to
get here. But I got to lock in. I got to
put my CEO cap back on, dude. Yes, I'm
going to be applying it to quant about
100 M.
100 M's a B. Yes. Okay. But yeah, the
the world has changed now. The world is
different. The world is different.
Everybody's going to go ahead and just
argue over how to run openclaw, how
dangerous it is. Like, that's fine. Do
you I'm always going to push the
boundaries. And I've been pushing this
$31 billion boundary for 5 years.
But I know something now that really
gives me the confidence to start pushing
this boundary, this $2.2 trillion
boundary. And I'm ecstatic. I'm
ecstatic. The cool thing is is
everything I've learned and everything
that's gotten me to this point is all
broken down into short, concise videos.
Now, don't get that misconstrued.
There's no plugandplay and make a
million dollars overnight. For the same
reason I cannot continue to share this
on Zoom or live or anywhere for that
same reason.
It's the same reason that Jim Simons
didn't say, "Hey, plug and play this
Calman filter and just run it and make a
billion dollars."
Alpha decay. I can show you step by step
how to automate your trading. How to
take you from an emotional trader to a
fully automated trader. That's what I do
in the algo trade camp. Then you see all
the heavy lifting I'm doing with AI
these days. I give you caught up to
speed with me in the AI master classes.
You're going to see me later today build
some bots for Solana.
I teach you exactly how to get up to
speed with me and the Solana courses.
Poly market. I'm going to tinker around
with some of my bots there. are
absolutely cooking and I will show you
step by step how to build four different
poly market bots. Plus, you're going to
get any private Zooms that we do have in
the future.
But this is the behemoth, dude. This is
5 years of code. 300 plus bots and back
tests and new code added weekly.
>> So, don't waste it living someone else's
life. Don't be trapped by dogma, which
is living with the results of other
people's thinking. Don't let the noise
of others opinions drown out your own
inner voice. And most important, have
the courage to follow your heart and
intuition. They somehow already know
what you truly want to become.
Everything else is secondary.
Stay hungry. Stay foolish.
>> And that was my OG goat, bro. That's why
I'm a big apple guy. That was my OG
goat, Steve Jobs.
Stay hungry, bro. Stay foolish. I am one
of the most foolish people you've ever
met. And I hope that I hope that is like
I hope that's alpha to you, dude. I
truly am shutting everything down
because I can't share this. I can't
share this setup process.
If I do come back, it's going to be
private Zooms only. You get access for
life to everything. This is five years
of of step-by-step training videos. And
every time I found something new in algo
trading, I updated the boot camp.
So, if you want to tinker for 5 years to
try to catch up, you'll never catch up.
The only way to catch up to me and to be
part of my community for life is to grab
this lifetime offer. It's mund.com/go.
mundave.com/go.
You can get everything that we've done
in the past with the Moondev vault. You
get the API key. You get my trading bot
GitHub. You get the AI agent GitHub. You
get Quant app access. It's a $48,000
value. You can see what everybody has to
say. If you have any questions about
this, let me know. And just know for a
fact you have a 90-day money back
guarantee. So on Thursday, I will be
gone,
but your guarantee will stay.
It's all about education. And this is
real world stuff we're learning, not
just some classroom environment. I paid
him a year in advance. I also go to
Harvard for computer science, which is
crazy because he's way ahead of me in
coding and I still changed his life.
Mundave's course is amazing. Honestly, I
don't even want more people to join cuz
the information is pure gold.
You can scroll through here forever,
dude. You can scroll through. Yeah.
Funny thing is is Mundev has the
attention of hedge funds companies
copying his scripts. Literal hedge
funds. You should see my DMs. Come on,
dude. Come to New York. Come to the
office. Meet our people. Meet our
traders. Okay, so you can shake me down.
Okay, I'm out. How about that? How about
that? I was chasing Jim, but now I'm
chasing Jeff. Damn, dude. Finally, a
brown boy going to make it, huh? Let's
get it. Let's get it, dude. I believe
code's a great equalizer. You can't tell
me wherever I'm from. It doesn't matter
where you're from. They said I'm from
the Philippines, so I can't do this. I'm
not I'm clearly not from the
Philippines, but that's some BS.
Anyways, I believe code is a great
equalizer. Wherever you are in the
world, if you take me up on this
lifetime offer and you learn how to code
and then learn how to automate your
trading, you can bounce whenever you
want. You don't have to mess with
people. I'm out of here.
You got two options. The one-time
payment really just an investment in a
new way of trading or the two payments
of 777. 6 months that open doors I never
thought possible. The past 6 months with
the ALGO boot camp have been nothing
short of transformational. It's not a
trading course. It's a complete mindset
shift. This program opened up new doors
and opportunities I never thought
possible both personally and
professionally. Mundave shows how it is
next level, clear, actionable, and
grounded in real world experience. Every
live session kept me sharp and inspired.
I've walked away not only with deeper
skill set, but with a new level of
confidence in how I approach the markets
in life. And this is the last time I
will be talking to the public chat ever.
So, this is goodbye. If you want to say
some nice things, you can say some nice
things. If you want to say some messed
up things, that's fine, too. 777 to FS
Trent. Much love to you, dude. I
couldn't have got here without you. I
couldn't have got here without you,
dude. So, FS Trent, much love to you,
bro. I've learned more in the past week
of coming here than in years of owning
crypto. Mundav is one of the most
authentic. Mundave is the most authentic
and generous creators I have ever seen
on the internet. He deserves the world.
He has helped me immensely. God bless
him and everything he does. I hope he
receives non-stop love and success.
Thank you, dude. Thank you. I've spent
thousands on BS systems and strategies
over the years, so it's nice to get
someone like you who actually teaches
their own procedure. An amazing course.
The material is amazing. The community
Discord is filled with helpful Chads and
learning material. The best algo trading
community, research, and teacher out
there. The boot camp was the kick in the
ass I needed. So, you get the boot camp,
but you get so so much more. You can see
everything at mundave.com/go.
I'm a programmer of automated forex
systems and thinking about doing it with
crypto as well. Until now, I've invested
discretionally in this sector. I'm
thinking about buying the course and I'm
going to take a look at the Discord. The
course should be perfect for you. I'm
also a dev and it got me up to speed
very quickly with crypto algo trading.
Thanks, Tom. I already have some basics
in Python, so I should be going pretty
fast. The bad thing is there's no
dedicated platform like in Forex.
Although MQL5 are much better difficult,
much more difficult than Python.
Personally, I prefer Python to any
dedicated platform. There's no
restrictions on what you can do in your
ALOS and lots of great libraries to
reuse for indicators. I love the intro
of the boot camp. I'm about to save you
200 hours. That's the goal. I probably
save you more than that, dude. I save
you 5 years. This was a long time ago.
Crazy. I'm so excited that I'm up to
speed with the boot camp. Your AI
assistance videos literally help me
crack the code. Redoing the boot camp
from start and watching your recap
videos was an eyeopening experience. I
feel like I'm making great progress. I
just finished watching your sniper video
and signed up for the February 3rd
session. I wanted to express my
gratitude for organizing the boot camp.
It's been incredibly beneficial and I've
gained valuable insights that have set
me on the right path. Thank you for your
effort and support. Moon, I got to say,
thank you for sharing all this. It's
really hard to find this kind of
information organized anywhere. Even the
stuff on Reddit doesn't start where you
do, which is where most people needed to
start. I truly feel it truly feels like
having a trusted, loyal friend teaching
you the ropes to success. Honestly, the
way you come up with strategies on the
spot and then teach them at the same
time is a winner for everyone. I
understood nothing, but I'll understand
after the course. So, I'll understand
everything after the course. So, you're
saying the course is 100% worth it? I'm
saying in front of Mundev, I'll pay the
refund if you truly cannot profit from
this course. That's wild, dude. Alex
says, "A powerful and supportive start
to my ALGO trading journey. This boot
camp has been one of the best learning
experiences I've ever had. The content
is well structured, detailed, and easy
to follow, even for someone who has no
prior background. Each video is packed
with practical information that's
immediately useful. The teaching style
is clear, straightforward, making
complex concepts feel unmanageable. But
dude, I'm gone. I'm out of here. You can
have everything for life. If I ever come
back, it's going to be private Zooms
only. You have four days. I have
absolutely cracked the code and I can't
wait to just turn this Zoom off, turn
the stream off, turn everything off, and
just lock in on my own. I deserve this,
dude. I've shared everything for 5
years. Literally, every single line of
code, every single time I coded, every
single secret, everything. I've shared
everything on YouTube and it's all in
the vault, which you get for free when
you join today. It's a bonus. So, you
can see what everybody has to say. They
bought the boot camp. You can get the
420 boot camp if you'd like as well. My
bot is making money, so get to coding
and stop losing. I was the classic get
stopped out daily and it pissed me off,
hence why I'm here and now making money.
Hey guys, I'm completely new in algo
trading and I wanted to ask if anybody
in here bought the boot camp and ask if
it's worth buying. I really want to
learn and become a better trader and
coder and don't really know where to
start. So, if anybody can help me, I am
very thankful of your opinion. Great
course, definitely worth buying. If you
want to be the top 1%, this is where you
start. Forget all those get-richqu
douche clowns shilling payw wall info
you can get from AI for free. This is
the real deal. And I honestly would just
rather keep it a secret.
That's wild, dude.
It's wild.
You can see you just scroll through
this, dude. Scroll through this. Anyone
in doubt, it's definitely worth it. I
was in doubt myself, but when I pulled
the trigger, I was happy I did. It's not
a sales pitch by any means, just a
personal opinion. The boot camp put me
six months ahead.
Six months ahead. Content is fresh.
There's a whole new section of Quan
strategies for you to use. You get so
many strategies, 300 plus strategies.
Mundav is very involved with this
community. I will stay involved with the
members. I know I'm out. I I get it. I'm
gone. I'm not sharing this out to the
outside public anymore, but I'll be in
the Discord. Don't worry,
I'm hard in the weeds. I've been coding
my whole life. I grew up at I grew up in
it. I had a personal computer in 1986. I
had to reformat DOSs just so I could
play video games. Hell, the first games
were just in text, but nothing has made
me want to learn like this. Thank you,
Mundev. You break it down so easily.
I've never received so much value from a
subscription or course. I'm a software
developer, mostly front end, but I'm
flexible and tackle whatever is needed.
I've never coded for trading bots, so
your content is literally a treasure for
me. Thank you. Thank you so much. I'm
learning more from you than I've learned
from anyone else. And I'm 73 years old,
but I love AI. You think you're too
late? I didn't start till 30. He didn't
start till 73. I finished several
classes and I'm moving forward now. I
need to learn a program using program
language. Thanks for your help. May you
receive your heart's desire every day.
blessings. Thank you, dude. I put in the
work for the five years, shared
everything for five years, and I feel
like this is the biggest unlock I've
ever seen in my entire life. And I've
been on this computer here, making money
on the computer since I was like 14, 13
years old. I'm 36 now. And I've never
seen anything bigger than what I have
seen now. I'm not telling anybody
anything. I can't. I've shown you
everything in order to get to this
point. I believe CO's the great
equalizer.
>> Damn, anything we could think is real.
And if it's not, we could create it.
See, that's the gift we were given to
evolve,
advance, create.
I create my own world.
I got to say, listen to Mundev. I too
have been doing this for around 3 years
and only started getting somewhere after
listening to him. What are you waiting
for?
The material in the course is everything
one needs to get started in this unique
and secretive industry and it's truly
amazing. Mundave and his approach to
teaching this material are even better.
You couldn't ask for a more thoughtful
and sincere instructor. I really don't
know if I've ever spent better money in
my life. If it was just the 15 days
promised, the course would be massively
undervalued. The fact that there is even
more plus a community and everything
else. Stop reading and sign up. The only
thing you'll regret is not doing it
sooner. You got four days. And this is
real, dude. I'm out. I'm out. I I may
not even come back tomorrow for the live
streams. So, um I might just put this on
replay for the next 4 days. I might just
put this exact thing you're watching
live here today on replay. So, it's not
if it's not February 22nd at 9:09
Eastern, this is a replay. Why? Because
I've gone ghost. I have to I have to I
need to put every single waking hour
into this opportunity. I have found and
I will not tell a single soul because
I'm chasing Jeff Bezos. I'm chasing
Amazon. I have such a clear vision on
how Mundev can lead the next mega corp
off this. And I'm going to get there by
chasing Jim. We're going to have our
sector of quant trading that will be the
best quant trading anything you've ever
seen. Everything I know about quant is
available here in the lifetime offer.
Mundave.com/go.
But I have, oh my god, I have so much
relief in my life right now because I
don't have to show this anymore. I don't
have to show it anymore.
I might finally go to the beach. I'm
going to get that new MacBook that has
the uh you seen the new MacBook that has
the uh the screen because we all grew up
to those ads about
um
laptop lifestyle and working from the
beach, yada yada. Well, I tried that. It
doesn't work cuz you can't see your
screen. It's too bright. But it looks
like they have a new MacBook. So, I'll
probably just just go jam out on my
couch most of the time and every once in
a while go down to the beach. Let's see
if it actually works. They said somebody
in the chat said it works well. The nano
texture display.
So, worst case scenario, this is another
clawbot for me. So that's how I look at
buying uh I'm buying infrastructure
these days is just like worst case
scenario. Open claw can cook on it if I
don't use it and I will use this.
So much love to you guys. Much love.
Thank you for joining me on this this
whole journey over the last 5 years. And
I'm really sorry it's ending like this.
But we all knew it was going to end when
I hit the holy grail. But in reality
with algo trading it's not about a holy
grail. So, I've been here forever
because it's about layering system on
system on system. But what I figured out
today, well, this week with all of this
hard work I've put in with putting on my
own MacBooks, I told you guys, I told
you guys I was going to get to a
conclusion that you guys wouldn't be
able to get to because everybody's over
here like saying do it this way, do it
that way. I'm just trying to do it. I'm
just trying to do it. So, the cheapest
way and the easiest way to do it, well,
it wasn't the cheapest way, but the
easiest way to do it was just for me to
get the Mac Minis. I did it. I know what
I know. And I'm not sharing that with
anybody. I've spent five years sharing
everything with you and everything I
know about algo trading in order to
compete with this $ 31 billion man is
inside of this boot camp. My vision is
obviously much much bigger now. 31
billion billion versus 2.26 trillion.
That's a big a big difference. So, um,
this stuff I got to keep close to my
chest. And everything that I learned to
get here, I try I'm trying to teach you
here in the moon.com/go. And everybody
has gone through this. They have access
to everything I know. My best advice for
everyone trying to build a bot, buy his
course, learn the basics, use AI to help
you build a bot, back test it multiple
times, and start off with retrieving
real-time data and prices. I have all
the data you need.
You got two payments of 777 because
that's the only 777 you'll probably ever
send to me. After today, it's on you
guys to make sure to pass good vibes
people and share because Mundave, the
leader of Incel Crypto, the one that was
trying to pull us out and be good vibes,
everybody together. Let's work on this
[__] together. Let's build together. I'm
gone now.
This closes in four days. I don't know
if I'll be here tomorrow.
This is a great course for learning way
more than you ever wanted. There is a
ton of alpha in this boot camp and it's
way more than I was even looking for
when I joined. Mundave goes be above and
beyond to deliver value throughout his
course. It's just a boot camp, but it's
very valuable teaching if you're trying
to learn this style of trading. So, they
join the 420 boot camp, but you get so
so much more than everybody else.
yet more evidence of why there's such a
buzz around you. Incredible customer
service. Truly,
your style of the videos, by the way, is
fantastic. You make what could be
considered a dry topic extremely
accessible and digestible.
Everybody that is worried about um the
course and Mundav selling a course, it's
okay. You can stop worrying. Relax. Four
days and I'll be gone forever. So, if
you do want access to absolutely
everything I know, then this is your one
shot. mundave.com/go.
And really, you have two choices here.
You can just log off now and go back to
hand trading and lose all your money. Or
you can go ahead and approach trading as
a quant would. Is it plug-and-play and
make a billion dollars overnight? No.
But you see, the only way of trading
that works is algorithmic. Jim Simon,
Citadel, Jane Street, everybody. That's
everybody that's actually winning. We're
100% algorithmic. So, I'll teach you
exactly how to be a algorithmic trader
step by step. And dude, I get it. We're
all like nervous about our money and we
want to hoard it. But that money always
comes back. Think about last time that
you made a big purchase. You got that
money back eventually.
It replenishes. Money always
replenishes. But 4 days from now,
Mundave does not replenish. Mundave is
gone. But if you want everything Mundave
knows, I give you the vault. Plus, I
give you short and concise videos in the
ALGO Trade Camp. Plus, I give you a
90-day money back guarantee. So, if you
know that money is going to replenish
and that you have 90 days to investigate
what's on the inside, then absolutely
jump in right now.
After doing your 15 days, I got so
motivated to dive right into making a
Solana mebot. After seeing your AI
videos on YouTube, it gave me more
confidence to work through it.
And I'm dropping the uh I know it's been
a while here, so I'm going to drop the
API key. This is my final drop ever of
the API key. So,
this is the end of free APIs and keys.
So, let's go ahead and drop it in the
chat. This is the last time. Feel free
to share this with anybody that comes
into the Zoom late, but you can't get
into the Zoom anymore. Um, as you can
see, the mundave.com
is also closed. So, I'm not doing the
private Zooms. I'm doing nothing. I got
to lock in. Dude, you know for a fact
you have a massive edge on me. And
somebody made this super clear the other
day. They said, "Moon, you literally
give us everything you know and short,
concise videos that we can watch in two
weeks."
Okay, you just you just gave us five
years of knowledge that we can consume
in two weeks and get caught up to you.
And then your dumbass sits up here and
talks through all of your code every
single day. We have a massive edge on
you. We don't have to talk. I've
literally been spending
days talking, explaining to you guys.
Imagine Mundev where he doesn't have to
talk. That's my biggest weakness is I
yap and I get that. I'm excited. But
imagine Mundev not talking with 500
computers working to blow past this man.
$ 31 billion is is FUD and we're chasing
Amazon from here on out. And I can't
wait. Maybe in 10 years I'll come back
or maybe you'll see my face eventually
someday because if when we get to this
point I'm going to try to keep it
private. I'm going to try to stay a
private company to a trillion dollars.
That's my goal. But you know that's
pretty that's kind of unrealistic.
Trillions without raising money is going
to be tough. That being said, they all
raise money to hire. So, I know people
are talking about like the first
independent billion-dollar
um oneperson vibecoded company. That's
already happened. So, I'm just going for
a trillion now. And I don't have to
hire. Do you get that? I can literally
my costs are $600. And if I ever figure
out that VPS stuff that everybody's
saying is so much more fire, then it's
going to be less.
But I'm on to something huge. And it
needs it needs the current
infrastructure I have. So, Max, I'm glad
I did that. I'm glad I did that. And the
jokes's on all of you guys that are like
so apprehensive to Mac and so
apprehensive to listening to an actual
data dog that's testing it. The joke's
on you guys because literally what I
found on Mac
with OpenClaw is the reason I'm shutting
everything down. So don't go buy a Mac
because you don't know what I know. But
just know in the back of your mind
that you shouldn't fade a data dog. You
should never fade a data dog.
You should never ever ever fade a data
dog
cuz a data dog is going to go figure it
out for themselves.
>> But I knew this world is what you make
it. You create your own environment. It
all starts with a vision. What you can
imagine, you can create.
>> All access lifetime to everything I know
is absolutely cooked.
You can know everything. Get caught up
to speed with me. Sure.
But in 4 days and 17 hours, this will be
gone. Is this a replay? Look at the
time, dude. Yes, it's probably a replay.
If it's not 9:18 at February 22nd, yes,
you caught me. I'm I'm putting replays
on YouTube for the next four days
because I'm trying to yell and scream to
those people that are actually data
dogs. those people like Jane that have
jumped in here and added value to every
single member's life. And that's the
thing, that was my thesis this whole
time. Yo, I found something crazy. I
believe code is a great equalizer. I
didn't know how I I could code. That's a
crazy insight. Oh [__] I can actually
code and build for the rest of my life.
I need to show everybody this,
especially because nobody's showing how
to automate their trading. Okay, I share
share share. I meet wonderful people
like Jane, wonderful people like Rico.
There's so many amazing people that are
inside of the members area and we're all
chasing Jim Simons together
and we have been and we're going to
continue.
But you got four days. I'm on the fence
of buying the boot camp. Should I just
take the risk? I'm starting from ground
zero.
So if you're starting from ground zero,
this guy was too. If you're starting
from zero, you should just do it.
you should do it. Just know that it's
not a magic pill and you'll have to put
the work in. But Mundev has laid
everything out so you can get up to
speed very fast. He cuts your learning
curve a lot. And that's the key because
you can tinker around right now. You
could go back to your old ways of
trading. You could say, "Oh, I have AI."
But information alone is not going to do
it for you. You know, I've shown you all
the information.
You need a step-by-step process with
short and concise videos with actual
code and an actual team to help you get
there because there's hundreds of us all
working towards the same goal. Sharing
sharing everything along the way. So, I
don't know. This is the last chance.
This course is a gem, man. Thank you for
putting it together. Someday I won't
come back. Ironic. I've been saying this
for years. I've been literally saying
someday I won't come back for years.
Yeah.
Now it's time. But I deserve this, dude.
I des I've been putting the work in. I
deserve to know what I know now. I
deserve to compete with Jeff Bezos.
There's nothing difference between Jeff
Bezos and Mundov. There's nothing
difference between
Actually, there's a lot difference. I
was going to say Bill Gates, but he be
he on some weird stuff these days. So,
there's a lot difference between me and
that guy.
But Jeff, he kept it clean. He's got the
He's the He got the wifey. He's the
wifey type of guy. And there's those are
the ones that are a little safer. But
that being said, I don't want to I don't
know what he's up to either. There's no
reason I can't run a trillion dollar
company is what I'm trying to say and I
have the in I have the confidence in
order to do that because I know how to
code and that's what I've been trying to
give to you for the last 5 years. Yes,
we've been algo trading. Yes, I get it.
But that's the thing that got me to
learn how to code. That's why I say it
over and over and over and over again. I
believe code is the great equalizer
because what I the only reason I did
this is yes I had to automate my trading
but the only reason I took that shot was
because I knew I'm going to be on the
computer for the rest of my life.
There's no loss in me knowing how to
code. I could get a job at Google if I
learn how to code at the minimum.
At the max I can chase Jim Simons and be
a billionaire off algorithmic trading.
So it's a just a great riskreward in my
mind. That's why I've been yelling this
for so long. But you see all the people
that have great things.
Few years later, still not found a
better price or quality. Best available
Python dev and automating, optimizing
trading.
Do you recommend the boot camp? Jane
says, "Yes, it will save you a lot of
time. I've been coding for years."
That's cool. One of my bots I set up
watching you is pretty profitable. Much
appreciated. When your team of doctors
says you have seven months past, that
you are seven months past when you were
projected to pass away, it kind of puts
things into perspective that there's
people that deserve to know what I
probably would have p that I would have
probably would have passed if it wasn't
for people like you. My bots from your
ideas combined with mine have paid off
$186,000
of medical bills the last quarter of
2023. He made 186 racks in one quarter.
So, I really just got to say out of
everyone I've come across, you've done
the most to keep me alive
and out of millions in debt. And I won't
ever forget that.
You're going to get the ALGO Trade Camp,
which is transformational. You just saw
hundreds of people say it's
transformational. If you're a hand
trader and you want to automate it, this
is how you automate your trading. You
learn step by step, even if you've never
coded a day in your life. You get the AI
master classes so you can see how I cook
with AI and I let AI do all the heavy
lifting. I show you exactly how to build
bots on Solana, which are extremely
challenging to do along with the Poly
Market stuff. Both of those platforms
are very hard to set up, but I make it
very easy for you. So, you pick one of
these things in this stack, it's worth
$1,499.
Now, a lot of you are already paying me
$3,000 a year.
So, you can see that's a clear upgrade,
like upgrade now because it's gone
forever. in 4 days and 17 minutes. So
that's Thursday night at midnight
Pacific time. This is the last time you
can learn anything from me.
We all have habits that we can clean up.
I I tell you this every day, dude. Last
night, what did I do? I ordered Uber
Eats, dropped 50 on it. Well, if I clean
up that habit just like you have, you
clean up that habit. Boom. That's 1,500
right there for 30 days. Are you kidding
me? Something that actually gives you
something that you can you can say
goodbye to all the pain of trading by
hand, dude. Such a waste of time, waste
of life, waste of memories. I hold your
hand step by step through the process of
automating your trading. All you have to
do is go to moonab.com/go,
click this big green button, go here,
decide what payment method you want. You
can use credit card, you can use debit
card, you can use crypto. You can also
use CLA if you're in one of the
privileged countries.
Get the payments down to as low as 71
bucks, but only do this if you're
actually going to step on the gas. I've
told you this over and over again. I
spent $2,000 on a course when I was 21
years old. I didn't have $2,000, but
that guy had something I didn't know. He
knew how to launch apps without knowing
how to code. So, I paid him $2,000. Then
I paid $15,000 to my first developer
and with that I built a system that I
ran up millions of dollars
solely because I bought somebody's
knowledge. So, you know, there's two
types of people in this world. There's
the like the Coffeezilla types that say
like, "Oh, all courses are scams, yada
yada." But then there's people that
actually read books, buy books at
whether it's on Audible or on Amazon or
Barnes & Noble. Those are my people. I
like the people that will learn from
other people and then tell me about it.
So if you're not a buyer of knowledge,
of course, every course in the whole
world is a scam. Every time you buy any
book is a scam. every time, you know,
like if you're one of those people, you
should just exit now because at the end
of the day, I know five years more than
you and it's probably like 10 years when
it comes to automated trading because I
got the smartest engineers in the world
looking over my shoulder at all times.
So, if you want 5 to 10 years of
stepby-step, short, concise videos that
aren't going to take you 5 years to
watch, by the way, it's going to take
you a couple weeks. Plus, I give you all
my code that I've been cooking up.
Everything that I think is fire, I put
in quantite or one of these GitHubs and
you get access to it. Plus, you get the
quant app, now called the Mundev app.
You get to see everybody's positions.
So, think about it if you need to. You
got four days to think about it. But in
real reality, you have 94 days because
it's a 90-day no questions asked money
back guarantee. Right now, you're
trading by hand. You're probably getting
cooked by using too much leverage.
Probably getting liquidated. Bots, they
do not get liquidated.
So just right there, that's worth
$1,400, right?
Of course,
if what you learned in here, which you
see hundreds of people have said great
things about, if one thing led you to
building your own profitable trading
bot, would that be worth $1,400?
Of course, yes.
If you made one relationship that gave
you one idea that led you to a
profitable trading bot, is that worth
two payments of $777?
Yes, of course. Especially since there's
a 90-day money back guarantee. Remember,
money always replenishes. You can be on
you can be on the skeptical side or you
can be an informed buyer and see what's
actually inside of this lifetime offer
and apply it for 90 days. Apply for 89
days. And on that 89th day, if you feel
like it wasn't worth it, you can get
every single dollar back. But you can
see hundreds of people just like
yourself who found me some way. I don't
run ads. I didn't ask you to come here.
You found me. So I commend you, dude.
You can go back to telling everybody
you're a trader and they'll just smirk
and be like, "Oh, this gambler." Or you
can become a quant today. There is no
offer like this on the entire internet.
I will literally take you from hand
trader to automated trader was already
made. Deal was made when I set out at
the beginning of the summer and said
this is the training plan I'm doing. I
signed that contract with myself. I'm
doing it.
>> You know throughout the that process
you'll start talking yourself like man I
got to I think I need to maybe if we
Nope.
>> Nope.
This is non-negotiable.
>> And that's my real goat, bro. That's my
real goat. But I'm a hooper. Of course
that's my goat.
He said, "Let's put a plan together,
Mundave." Okay, I need a plan.
Obviously, I'm trading by hand, getting
liquidated, being too emotional. I need
a better plan than this, Kobe. Kobe, I
need a better plan. He said, "All right,
dude. I'm going to I'm going to
introduce you to somebody that's trading
a billion dollars today." And he's just
a he's just a a bro like you chilling. I
got introduced to that dude through a
realtor.
And he said he was trading a billion
dollars a day. So that gave me the
confidence like, "Oh, I I see you, bro.
You just you're just a homie. Okay,
we're homies now. So if my homie can do
it, then I can definitely do it." But
listening back to Kobe, he says, "You
got to put a plan together, a contract.
Sign a contract. What's your contract
going to be? How are you going to get
there?" My contract was 4 hours a day.
Four hours a day started in 2021. I did
not know how to code.
I was just a crypto trader using too
much leverage getting liquidated.
I put a plan together. 4 hours a day I'm
going to lock in and learn how to code.
God, you are so blessed. You think
you're late, dude. You're not late at
all. You probably don't have to spend
that four hours to learn how to code. I
did it for 6 months. But those
challenges, those hard things I went
through, I make them easy for you inside
of these lifetime all access paths, but
this is gone forever. That's why I'm
going deep on exactly what you'll get
out of this if you join before Thursday
at midnight. If you don't join, please
do not send me DMs. I'm not opening it
back up. This opportunity is way too
large. It's a winner take all. And I am
so happy that I put together these five
Macs to run OpenCloud because anybody
using YUbuntu, anybody using VPS,
anybody using Windows cannot replicate
what I have here. You literally can't. I
don't want to hear it. I know what I
know and I've tried it in other places
and for where I'm going which is way
past Jim Simons $31 billion is FUD at
this point. What I know now is taking me
here. It's going to be Nvidia,
Microsoft, Apple, and Mund. I'm going to
a trillion and I'm going to do it with
my small team
of five.
And I was saying Hyperlid should do this
but they're not doing it. So, I'm going
to do it and I'm going to compete with
these archaic companies that have
millions of employees and they literally
cannot fire them. They can't. Somebody
said it yesterday. This would be all all
hell would break loose in America if if
Amazon fired their million employees.
They probably have the capability. They
may have seen the connections I've seen,
but they can't do it. That's why I was
saying Hyperliquid should do it, but
Hyperlid's not going to do it either,
dude. They're so techy. They're building
a good product. They used to stay do
that stuff. I'm going to do it. I don't
need more people. The only thing I need
more of are more Mac minis. I just need
more Mac minis.
BPS's cannot do this process.
You don't know what I know now. And that
was the whole point of me being
autistically focused on getting these
things live because everybody else was
just fighting over how to run it. VPS,
Windows, yada yada. I don't It doesn't
matter to me anymore. I'm out of here.
You do you. You guys do you. You guys do
you. Do you do you do you tack this
however you want. I know what you don't
know now. And that gives me the
confidence to compete with Amazon. So,
I'm shutting everything down. You can
see what you get for $1,400
or two payments of 777. You get the Algo
Trade Camp, which is step by step
exactly how to automate your trading. If
you want to be on their side, Wall
Street's side, go ahead, try to get a
job on Wall Street and get nickeled and
dime for the rest of your life. Or let's
build bots like they do. They don't want
you to know this information. And I show
you absolutely everything in the I will
trade camp. You know, you have
disposable income. There's some things
you can tighten up, some bad habits. For
me, my bad habit is Uber Eats. 40, 50
bucks a night. That's crazy. I allocate
some of that cash to knowledge. Yes,
it's game over, dude. If I didn't know
what I know now, I would pay 50x this
amount. If homeboy that was trading a
billion dollars a day that inspired me
had an offer like this, I would pay
$50,000 to $100,000 for it because I
know for a fact and I think you know
deep down that money replenishes. Money
is always coming back to you. So if you
have bad habits right now, lock in a
bit. Cut those bad habits. Push a little
bit of cash towards something that will
literally change the way you trade for
the rest of your life.
You watch my streams for years on end on
the fence. How often do you see me look
at the charts? Not very often. But you
see me cooking here in the background.
And these are just the incubators.
So 24/7 365 have automated trading
systems run for you for the rest of your
life. Even if you've never coded a day
in your life, it doesn't matter anymore.
I'll show you how to how to have AI do
the heavy lifting. I'll show you how to
build on Solana. I'll show you how to
build on Poly Market. I'll show you
If we ever have a Zoom call, it will be
only for the people in this.
And you know me, I'm not stopping. But
I'm out. I'm out of the public. I'm
gone. I'm gone. I'm gone. I can't show
you what I'm about to set up here in the
next month or so. I need my time to just
lock in by myself. So, everything's
closing 4 days from now.
You got money makers and you got excuse
makers. Don't be the ladder, dude. Don't
be the ladder. Do you have any
questions? I'm here to answer them. Um,
super simple. I've explained everything.
I think I explained everything deeply.
Uh, can you throw a one in the chat if
you understand everything in the
lifetime offer?
Because if I get a bunch of ones in the
chat, then I can stop explaining it and
I can step on the gas.
One. One. Timmy says one. Anthony says
one. And if there's any questions, then
let me know. Let me know.
So, we Okay, we're we're pretty clear on
what's in the lifetime offer. It's
literally everything I know. All short,
concise videos, all code, new code added
weekly, any future live streams, um,
Poly Market trading bots, Solana trading
bots, be able to build bots for any
single exchange. I want to make sure
that you can fish. I don't want to just
give you a fish. I want to feed you for
the rest of your life. Anytime you have
an idea, you can see if it works in the
past. If it works in the past, let's go
ahead and
automate it.
Tradfi. Absolutely, dude. So, inside of
my trading bot, GitHub, I have all the
connections to interactive brokers.
Interactive Brokers allows you to trade
stocks, futures,
options. I mean, you know, of
interactive brokers. So, everything is
inside of that trading bot, GitHub,
pretty much any exchange that you can
think of that you want to trade on.
When it comes to crypto, Algo Trade Camp
covers all that.
If you learn this all with the short,
concise videos, you'll be able to build
for any platform because you'll actually
know how to code and build bots, robust
bots. Then I have all the examples you
need, all the code examples in order to
get set up on Interactive Brokers. That
alone is worth $1,500
because this key, the code right here in
the in the trainbot GitHub that shows
you how to
connect and set up bots for Interactive
Brokers literally unlocks. It makes you
Jim Simons immediately like you're
competing with them. You're not a hand
trader gambler anymore. You don't have
to like embarrassingly say, "Hey, I'm a
trader." And everybody just laugh at
you. You don't have to say that anymore.
your quant cuz you got you got literally
the same platform that they used. You
got all the connections. So I see
there's a bunch of ones in the chat. So
it seems like uh my job here is done. I
have explained this fully and you know
exactly what you get when you join at
mundave.com/go.
Um this is the end for public chat.
Goodbye to you guys. Much love to you
guys. Thank you so so much for coming
through today. Um, for the next four
days, I will just repeat this video. And
yeah, smart guy. You got You got me. You
got me. If it's not 9:37
on Tuesday or on Sunday, it's Sunday. If
it's not 9:37 Eastern time Sunday, this
is not live. You're the smart guy. You
got me. But you're never going to hear
from me again live. The public for the
next four days, expect to hear this on
repeat. if you want in to the last live
Zooms for until Thursday. I mean, we'll
do I'll probably do the live Zooms till
Thursday. Um, but you're only getting in
if you're in the lifetime. And then
after I get all the infrastructure set
up and this whole idea set up, if I ever
do come back to streaming, it'll be
Zooms only, private Zooms only. But you
don't even need to look at this, dude.
This offer is unbelievable. It's
unbelievable. $3,000 value for Algo
Trade Camp is very low. $1,000 value for
the AI master classes very low. This
literally took me six months to figure
out. So 1,500 is very low. Ask yourself
this is spending five years trying to
figure out the things I know. Is that
worth not putting down 1,500 bucks?
Because that's what you're saving. If
you leave, if when I leave the public
right now in the next two minutes, you
have two options. You can keep watching
this video on loop and me explaining it.
That's fine. And I'm going to let this
go for 4 days.
I have figured something out with my Max
AI running 24/7 that I need my time and
I deserve it because I've shown you
everything for 5 years. So, I am sorry.
I do feel bad. I know this is abrupt,
but everything clicked yesterday for me.
So, I just need my time to set all this
up and if I do come back, it will be for
private Zooms only.
>> You have to. But yeah,
>> like this
just keep making
things better, keep improving the system
because other parts of it are going to
wear out after a while. People will
catch on to this or they'll catch on to
that. So you you just have to like in
any business in any business, you just
have to make things better and better
and better because that's what everyone
else is trying to do.
Um, question. I have a question. Can I
join the ALGO boot camp for now and
upgrade to the 1,00 foot? Nah, I'm done
with that. I'm done with all all of
this, all selling anything. Um, $1,500
is not going to get me to this anymore.
So, I'm just I'm good. Everything that I
teach, I'm going to teach my AIS. Um,
everything that I teach here, I'm going
to feed that to I don't want to get too
deep into what I'm going to be doing
here for the next couple months. I do
need to protect that edge, but um I have
shown you everything in order to get to
this point. Uh can you upgrade to this
later? No. Um this will be well I mean
if you do it in 4 days, yes.
Yes, if you do it in 4 days, but if
you're going to join for 420, there's no
reason you can't join for $777.
It's two payments of $777. And if you
have that question for me, then I think
this is probably the play for you
because it's not too much more and you
can use credit or whatever you need to
get those payments down. Um, this is the
only offer I have lifetime all access.
And again, this is the end. I think I
have covered everything. I've answered
any questions. Let's go ahead and see if
there are any questions.
Do you include your open claw setup in
lifetime? Nah. what I everything I know
in order to get to that point is there.
I'm a bit lost. What is this in simple
terms? Is it something that do with
coding? Yes, I'm an automated trader and
in order to be an automated trader, you
have to learn how to code. So in the
algo trade camp, I show you how to code
and I show you how to automate your
trading.
Would you continue to build out the
trady portion or is it focused going to
be on markets going forward? I'm more of
a crypto trader, but anytime I have a
Tradfi idea, I use that exact code
that's in the GitHub right now for
Interactive Brokers. So, that's the
exact code I use whenever I have an idea
for like futures, stocks, options,
whatever. So, you have access to all of
that if you get the lifetime because
it's inside of the GitHub and everything
that I do. Like, I'm not I'm I'm still
getting started with Quant, you know,
I'm only on year five. So Jim Simons,
obviously I got to pass him, but I just
see I see a big big opportunity to
actually be a mega corp. And I know most
of you can't understand that or believe
in me. That's fine. I don't need anybody
else's belief. Um I the only reason
we're here on year five is because I
literally I literally don't need other
people's beliefs. I have my own beliefs
and I I meditate every single day and I
just think about where I want to go and
I know exactly where I'm going at all
times. And that's why I can just go over
the shoulder and share this with you
guys. I get haters all the time. It's
fine. Whatever. Don't believe in me.
That's fine. I don't need you to believe
in me. I ain't never had nobody believe
in me, dude. I've never And that's what
drives me. I got a chip on my shoulder.
Clearly, dude. I clearly got a chip on
my shoulder and it's never coming off.
It's never coming off. And I'm grateful
for it. I'm grateful for it. So
everything I figure out will just
continue to be added to the GitHub or
the Quant Elite. So I'll continue to
build. I'm going to continue to build.
Don't worry. Don't worry. And anybody
anything I do figure out, I will add to
the lifetime. Anytime I have a
announcement or like something I need to
go over on video, we'll just do a
private Zoom. Those private Zooms will
not be sold. They will not be sold. You
got four days to decide if for the next
two years, 3 years, 10 years, 20 years.
As long as I'm chasing this stuff, I'm
going to keep updating where it's
appropriate. Trading bot stuff goes in
there. AI agent stuff goes in here.
visual stuff that I need to see goes in
the Quan app
quantite. All dope code that I come up
with whether I'm live or not, it doesn't
matter. I'm actually probably going to
find more dope stuff now that I'm not
doing the lives. So, Thursday here,
Thursday, 4 days from now, you see
everything you got. And um I want to
keep going through some of these chats
here and answer everybody's questions
before I get going. Again, this is
mundev.com/go.
You can see everything you get here. Let
me answer all the questions and then we
should be good. We got a bunch of ones
in the chat.
Will you have login password and you you
get everything for life for sure if you
get in here today. So all APIs
dollar says I came here for verbal
explanation and basics because I can't
read code or coding manuals. It has been
like free college courses with a
visionary as a professor. Thank you,
Dollar. It's been so nice to have you
here, bro. Better because of the new
material coming out every day. Nothing
was recycled or held back. Thank you for
the help. Thank you for the inspiration,
dude. Much love to you. Thank you for
locking in for years years.
Moon shifting his focus to presidential
campaign. Let's get it, dude.
Beach Mac, there was a new key. I hope
you got it already. I put it down there.
Funfly, I got you as well. There's
double audio.
He changed it from 90 to 83% in sales.
Can we please get the recording? I'll
send you this recording. Sure.
Thank you for what you shared, Ingrid
says. I should be able to make the money
trading based on what you've shared. I
hope to see you on the other side post
YouTube exit. I will still be in the
members area. So, don't you worry. Much
love to you. Thank you.
D says, "I'm 23 and I started building
on Open Claw last week." Jesus Christ,
dude. You are so lucky. You're so lucky
to be 23 years old with AI in the bag
already. That's so fire. D, I'll buy
your course. Cuz I'm not poor. My
supercomput can process anything I
can't. I made a trading bot last night
to test my stress and edge. I'm up $700
in paper money overnight. Let's get it,
dude. Let's get it. He says he's not
poor, so he'll join. I mean, it is a
poor mentality to not join if you're a
trader. if you're actually a trader. D
says he's not poor so he'll join because
that is a poor mentality. Like I get it.
Some people don't have any money. Okay,
that's one thing. But if you have access
to credit or 1,500 in general and you
say, "Oh, just because you know
everything in every course in the world
is a scam." Like that's stupid. That's a
poor mentality.
Check it out. See if it actually is
whack. If it's super whack, get your
money back. Don't be poor, dude. Don't
be poor. Don't have a poor mentality.
Don't have a crabs in the bucket
mentality. Don't have a scarcity
mentality. It's about abundance. So, the
only reason we're all here today,
everybody's here. I think we got 70
people across all platforms. The only
reason every single one of you are here
is because I have an abundance mindset
and I don't listen to poor people. Poor
people will say, "Don't buy books." Poor
people will say, "Oh my god, dude. You
You hit that on the [__] head, dude.
That's a poor mentality.
Those poor people on YouTube like, "Oh,
he's got a course. It's a scam."
Okay, please look at every billionaire
in the world. How many courses have they
bought? How many books have they
purchased?
This is better than a book. Dollar just
said it's better than a college course
because college courses are teaching you
[__] that was like five years ago at the
earliest. Every single day I'm pushing
the boundaries. So you see if you're new
here, like this is the absolute best
offer you've ever seen from anybody on
the internet because people have
literally been paying $3,500 a month a
year for what you get for life
cuz you see I'm pushing the boundaries
every single day. I'm the only one with
five open claws running. I'm pushing the
boundaries. Everybody else is scared to
do things and I run after them. So, if
you can imagine, extrapolate that out
for five years. I've been cooking for
five years in Algo trading. And you have
an opportunity to learn everything I
know in the next couple weeks. And if
you don't think your five years is worth
$1,500, of course. Of course, you're
going to be like, "Yeah, this is a scam.
You can't you can't buy all y." Of
course you are. Because you're you
literally value your time at less than
$1,500 for five years.
So if you want fiveyear acceleration to
you automating your trading then jump in
right now. If you value five years of
your time and you don't have a poor man
mindset then you'll you'll jump in right
now right? Even if you're it's tough
time okay two payments is 777.
But don't have a poor person's mindset
dude because it's just going to keep you
broke forever. You know I had the same
option. I could have said when I was a
kid, the guy that sold me a $2,000
course that showed me how to how to
build apps without knowing how to code,
I should I could have been like, "Oh,
all courses are a scam." But then
literally, there's 70 people here right
now. None of us would be here. None of
us would be here if I had a poor
mentality. If I wasn't if I was scared
to put down a little cash to learn
something I didn't know and I knew that
was the way. People were making millions
of dollars on the app store.
That guy was two years ahead of I bought
his stuff for $2,000.
This is $1,400, dude. And I'm five years
ahead of you. And we're chasing a much
bigger opportunity than some stupid
little apps. 31 billion, dude. Doing
exactly what we're doing.
>> He wants trillions now. I do want
trillions now.
>> Just decide.
>> Let's get it. Decide
>> to be who you're going to be, how you're
going to do it. Just decide. And then
from that point, the universe is gonna
get out your way. It's like it's water.
It wants to it wants to move and go
around stuff, you know.
>> Just decide decide what you want in this
life. And you can have anything, dude.
Jim Simons just decided one day he was
going to use his skills to automate his
trading. You can decide right now that
you're going to take me up on a zerorisk
offer. It's literally zero risk. Do you
get that? That's 90-day money back
guarantee. And I have hundreds of people
proving that I'm actually a good guy. I
actually will refund your money if it's
not for you. No questions asked. I did a
couple phone calls with people and dude,
you guys are cooked. You're cooked.
You're cooked. You're cooked. You're
cooked. You're cooked. You guys are so
far behind. I can't I I had to Jay Will
said, "You're not doing phone calls."
And I kind of laughed because I was
like, "Damn, he's probably right. Every
time I do a phone call with with you
[__] I'm like, damn, I got
dumber." No offense, I got dumber. It's
not because you're dumb. You're not
dumb. You just I'm five years ahead of
you. And I never want to be in the
position where I'm talking to you guys
and being like, "Damn, this [__]
is stupid." But it is what it is. Like,
you're five years behind me. You're not
dumb. I'm just turning into Gilfoil. And
that I hate that. I hate Gilfoil. He's
the reason I didn't learn how to code in
the first place cuz he would look down
on me like I'm stupid. No, I'm not dumb.
I just don't know what you know. You
know how to code, bro. I don't know how
to code. So, our conversations are just
so [__] far off that every time I
talked to a developer back in the day, I
felt [__] stupid. And I took a couple
calls here the last few days and you
guys are [__] way behind.
You're not dumb. You're not dumb. You
can do anything I can do. You can do it
better. I believe that. And I've
transformed lives with this boot camp.
You're not dumb, but I'm so far ahead of
you. Like, I can't even conver I can't
even have phone calls one-on-one with
you guys. So Jwell was 100% right.
I'm not doing calls. I'm not doing calls
because we can't relate until you're
fully caught up to me. Once you're
caught up to me. Okay, now we can chop
it up. Let's get it.
What would you use your web three setup?
Why what do you use for your web 3
setup? Trying to set up a build with
VWAP. Uh Hyperlid. Hyperlid. I'll show
you exactly how to build out VWAPs or
whatever you need here in the AO trade
camp.
But this is gone in 4 days and it's
probably less now. I mean, if you're
listening to the replay, because I'm
never talking to the public again, I'm
about to put them on replay for 4 days.
You're going to see me live for 4 days.
Yes, it's a replay. Yes, it's a replay.
You are so smart. Please go tell
YouTube. Go tell Twitter. I don't care,
dude. I'll burn this whole [__] down. I
literally am so excited that I'm
spending an hour and a half telling you
guys if you want access to what I know,
jump in today or forever hold your
peace.
Just trying to get through all these
chat messages to answer all questions.
Let's get it, Anthony. He says he just
joined. Let's get it. Who do I talk to
if I I'm already in the lifetime algo.
You can I mean what you've got questions
I'm here but if it's billing or anything
you can go ahead and join there
moongoamp.com
or you can email us any anytime we just
if it's a billing question then we got
to know who you are you know. Um
Timmy says the lifetime has saved me
tens of thousands of dollars.
So Timmy just said he saved tens of
thousands of dollars because he took me
up on the lifetime offer.
You're literally going to waste
tens of thousands of hours if you try to
do this without me and our community.
We're here at all times to help you. If
you ever have a coding question, an algo
question, any type of questions, we've
got the members area that you'll be part
of for life. You can never have that
taken away from you unless you get your
money back. If I give you your money
back because you're a douche, then you
know I do that. I do that as well. This
90-day money back guarantee is for me
and you. And I think it's important that
I enforce this as well on my side
because I am chasing Jim Simons but now
chasing Amazon and I can't have any like
douches around me. So if you are an
incel and you are trying to jump into
here, I know I said there's 83% good
people but 17% of you are incelss. If
you are an incel, you can keep your
incel ways, but keep it to yourself
because I refund people based off of
vibes.
Based off of vibes. 90-day money back
guarantee. You got to have a good vibe.
Got to have a positive energy to you.
Got to be willing to share. You got to
Yeah. Yeah. You don't have to tell us
your edge. You don't have to tell us
your edge or anything. You can be quiet.
You can be in the members area and just
be a l a l lurker. That's okay. A
lurker. A good, you know, I lurk as
well. So, I lurk hella hard. You know,
I'll I'll be active in the chat, but
it's okay to be a lurker. Just be like a
chill lurker, you know. So, the 90-day
money back guarantee is so you feel
safe, but also so I feel safe because
could you imagine me giving a lifetime
access, all access to some incel that I
have to talk to every day. No way. So,
if you're an incel, and I know 17% of
you are, if you are going to take me up
on this offer, just try not to be an
incel in the members area because I boot
people. I boot people. But I have to
boot people because this is my team. I'm
using I'm I'm I'm with you guys to I'm
building of the team. I'm not building a
big organization.
I'm using you guys as my team. The only
people I need to be around are you guys
in the members area. So 2.26 trillion.
I'm chasing this. You get nothing more
than what I show on this. I'm not saying
you're going to be a part of my company.
Nothing like that. No. But you are
literally part of my company.
company as the people around me. No,
you're not part of my company, but
you're keeping me company. So, incels
not welcome. Incelss, well, you are
welcome. Just be kind. Keep the incel
stuff to Twitter, okay? I know ops have
joined. I get it. I have the same people
that have dragged me for being just an
AI developer or AI quant. The same
people that have dragged me publicly
have also purchased this.
We've got the best quants in the world.
in one place. Look around. Do you see
any other community that has hundreds of
quants chasing Jim Simons? No. You see
all these little like fly by night,
these uh stock picker communities and
everybody gets wrecked. I just seen a
whole community lose $50 million because
the communities about, hey, I'm going to
tell you what stock to buy. I don't do
that BS, dude. That is silly. That is
silly. Nobody's going to give you a
plug-and-play nothing, dude.
But I can show you how to take your
ideas and automate them
so you can build your edge for the rest
of your life. That's much more powerful
than buying some like stock picker or
like call group. Like this isn't that
the this is a group full of intelligent
engineers that are chasing Jim Simons
with me. Everything I figure out I put
into the boot camp. Everything that you
need to know in order to go from hand
trader to fully automated trader is
inside of the algo trade camp. I show
you step by step over the next six weeks
how to become a powerful 100% automated
trader so you can go from being
emotional looking at these charts. You
haven't seen me look at the charts today
by the way cuz I don't need to. That's a
slot machine. You're going to go from
being that slot player to building the
casino. That's your opportunity. And
some of you are going to like say he's
bluffing. He's not going to close it.
Dude, you don't know what I know now.
I'm the only one that set up five five
computers to have OpenClaw cook 24/7.
And people will let their egos get in
the way so hard that they'll literally
leave this chat. I've seen a few of you
leave this chat because of the whole I'm
so passionate about OpenClaw on Mac. I
know what you don't know.
So,
I wanted to give you one last shot here,
give you a full breakdown of exactly
what's going on inside of the boot camp.
I think you know exactly what you get in
Lifetime all access. It's everything I
know and anything I drop in the future.
You get full access to the short,
concise videos that teach you exactly
how to automate your trading. Even Even
if you've never coded a day in your
life,
this is a $3,000 value because you're
losing more than $3,000 every time you
get liquidated. And you will never get
liquidated again because bots don't get
liquidated. They only trade setups they
know that work and they never let
themselves go to liquidation. That's
crazy. You're paying triple the fees for
that. Speaking of triple the fees,
you're going to lose this game just by
fees because if you're a hand trader,
you're paying 3x every time you enter
and exit. I'm going to show you exactly
how to use AI. I'm going to show you how
to build on Solana, build on Poly Market
bots for both of these platforms. You're
separating yourself now. Everybody else
is just trying to trade by hand on
Hyperlquid. You're an automated trader
on Hyperlquid. You can trade on any
exchange by the end of this. You get the
AI master classes that will literally do
all of the coding for you. You don't see
me coding very much anymore, but I still
teach you how to code because I think
it's important to learn the
fundamentals. You get the Solana CopyBot
and the Sniperbot course is $1,500 value
at a minimum. A lot of you were here for
that buildout and you saw how
challenging it was. So $1,500 price for
that is crazy. You can watch the entire
buildout. There's two terabytes, 2.14
terabytes of videos in the Mundav Vault.
You can have access to all of the vault.
And that's just a bonus. That's just a
bonus. So you can see the money that
will replenish, the money that will come
back to your pocket. That is something
you can put down today.
>> But I knew this world is what you make
it. You create your own environment. It
all starts with a vision. What you can
imagine, you can create.
>> Plam says they will join soon. I will
see you inside. He says, "Bro, let's go
to Kawaii. It's full of love." Let's get
it, dude.
Let's get it. What did you see in
OpenClaw that was a complete game
changer? I've shown you everything I
know about OpenClaw, so you got to be
locked for that. Thank you for inspiring
people to take action. My pleasure.
Thank you for motivating me. My
pleasure, dude. My pleasure.
NF says he'll catch up. Let's get it.
Let's get it. He says he's going to try
to catch up with me, but you really
can't catch up with me until you know
everything I know. And the only way to
know everything I know is you can have
four days to noodle on it, but at the
end of the day, you got 90 days to once
you get in, you can understand what's in
there. And then 90 days,
you get the Mundv vault, so you can dive
into projects. You get all of my code
for the last few years in Quantite.
People are paying $3,500
a year for this. So if you're one of
them, please do go upgrade today. This
is going to be your last chance here.
four days left.
You have the access to the API key. You
get your own API key that you don't have
to share with anybody. You get both
trading bot GitHubs. You get the AI
agent GitHub and then you get Quant app,
which is now called the Mundev app. It's
a $48,000 value. You can scroll through
here and read everything everybody has
to say. Are you are you retiring? I'm
actually not retiring. I just have a
huge opport opportunity ahead of me that
I can't It's winner takes all. It
winner. It's winner takes all. But I'll
of course I'll leak some of it later.
But um I'm competing with these guys now
and I'm not selling e-commerce products.
So I'm just competing on market cap.
That's it.
Do summon Discord focus on Tradfi. I'll
join regardless. curious uh some of the
strategies
the strategies in Discord absolutely the
back test some of them do um most of
this is around crypto but markets are
markets right
especially like stocks futures and
crypto they all kind of are similar uh
the one market that's a little different
is forex it's more of a mean reverting
market but I'm not here to teach you
like to trade on one exchange or one bot
I'm here to teach you how to automate
your trading across any exchange. So, by
the end of this, you will be able to
build for any exchange and you have
ample you have clearly you have way more
um examples for crypto, but that crypto
stuff can be converted over to stocks
with a prompt or two with AI because I
give you a whole folder of interactive
brokers stuff. And Interactive Brokers
is how I personally got started with
stocks and futures. I just move towards
crypto because it's more fun to me and I
think you got to optimize for fun.
Cryptorific says, "Oh, what up Hamas?
How you doing?" 777. Your open claws
talking to each other. They can monitor
and fix each other. They can spawn sub
agents with their own virtual computers.
You can achieve synthetic AGI with bots
acting like employees. Exactly, dude.
Exactly. So, there's just too much
opportunity. I can't share this part.
So, give me a couple months, dude. And
um yeah, give me a give me a couple
months. I might come back. Maybe not.
But, uh for now, everything is closed.
And I don't see a future where I sell a
lifetime of anything again. Because
think about it, dude.
This is a bad trade for me. It's a good
trade for you. That's why I've been
harping on it for the last couple
months. People in this chat right now
are paying me $3,000, $3,500 every
single month just for this. Just for
that line. Not every month. Not every
month. Every year. Just for that line.
So, this is an awful awful trade for me.
I'm giving you everything. All of this
for life. You know, this is $7,000 every
two years. It's a very bad trade for me.
Very bad.
But I'm getting ghost. So, I I'll just
give you guys everything and this is
your shot. But
yeah, I I can't foresee a lifetime all
access ever again cuz this is $1,000 a
month. I'll be selling to Wall Street.
This is $1,000 per seat. I'll be selling
to Wall Street. This stuff is just
intellectual property that I literally
should not give to anybody, but I give
it to you as a bonus.
Mundav Vault here. You can you can pull
everything I know. You can literally
make a brain out of this.
You can make a brain out of this. DJ,
yeah, I'm out of the zooms. I'm out of
everything for a while. I just have a
really big opportunity I need to lock in
on for a little bit of time. So, um when
I if and when I do come back, it will be
Zooms, private Zooms only. So, yeah, the
whole $5 Zoom thing is cooked. So, that
was fun. That was fun. I wanted to drip
you guys with the API so see what you
can use. You you got your chance to play
with the API. You got your chance with
with the Mundev AI. You saw the Mundev
app. You got the road map. You got all
these things for what has it been like
45 days. I think 45 days. But like I
declared at the start of this year, this
year is war. Absolute war. And I have
the the systems and the ammo to fly past
Jim Simons and compete with Amazon. So
again, I'm not starting an e-commerce
company. I'm not doing anything like
that. I am competing in quant. I'm just
raising my targets here. Raising it from
31 billion to a trillionth because why
not, dude? Why not? Think about it. I
could die tomorrow. You could die
tomorrow. Why wouldn't you give it your
all? Why wouldn't you try for the
hardest thing in the world? What's the
hardest thing in the world? Amazon,
Apple, they're the biggest companies in
the world. Why can't I run the biggest
company in the world? Can anybody give
me a reason? I would love to hear it.
I I don't I just don't think I don't
think it's possible. I don't think it's
possible. I don't think it's possible to
convince me on the fact that I can't do
something other somebody else has done.
Jeff Bezos ran up a company at 2.26
trillion without any AI.
Now, I know they're using AI in their
warehouses and stuff, but he wasn't
cooking. He wasn't cooking. He wasn't
cooking with AI like we are. So only
quantite and with the hyperlquid moving
forward. Yep. So the API is only
available through here this lifetime.
You got 90 days to think about it as
there's a 90-day money back guarantee.
You get your own personal API key as a
bonus. Again, I'm going to sell this to
Wall Street for at least $1,000 per key.
So it's just a $10,000 bonus straight
up.
Yeah. I've got some major major ideas.
you you know I have this so much
proprietary knowledge at this point I
literally have the proof 2.14 terabytes
not megabytes not gigabytes terabytes of
me a quant chasing Jim Simons for 5
years this is proprietary knowledge in
here things that I don't even know even
though I was the one who did them I'm
going to go through here and I can't
give you too much information but I've
got a million AIs now that can learn
from what I've done in the last five
years. If you think I And by the way, I
didn't get one person to tell me that I
can't compete with Amazon. And that's
right.
That's right. You guys know who the [__]
I am. You know that I am autistically
optimistic about the future and I will
take shots. So, I love that. I love that
for you guys that you understand that
I will do this. And they did not have
the tools we have. And everybody is
having just like they're just freezing
up right now. Everybody's freezing up
right now. Like they don't know if they
should use OpenCloud, if they should use
Mac, if they should use YUbuntu,
whatever, dude. I don't care. I don't I
I literally am I'm not I'm not sharing
this with anybody anymore. Um and if I'm
sharing it with anybody, it's going to
be the private
private lifetime. So much love to you
guys.
lock in. Dude, this hurts my heart,
dude. I'm going still be in the members
area. Don't worry. So, if you guys miss
me, I'll miss you, too. But I'll still
be in the members area chat here. And um
when I feel appropriate, I will do a
Zoom. I'm just I can't commit to the
daily Zooms anymore. I can't commit to
the daily streams anymore. I've done
this for five years. Uh I can't commit
to that stuff. But if I ever do have
something important that I think you
guys need to know for ALGO trading, I'll
do a a private zoom. a private Zoom for
you guys and you guys get access to the
all Zooms forever. But um I think I've
explained this all enough and I'm just
going to get ghost. So much love to you
guys. Have a great day.
Everything is backed by 100% money back
guarantee. Remember that anything you
ever buy from me um including you know
in the past obviously we don't have
these anymore but the the private Zooms
for five bucks that's also included in
the 100% money back guarantee. I know
today was all about diving deep into
this offer and yes, you did, Jenna. So,
feel free to uh get a refund if you feel
feel like you need it. And um much love
to you. No API today. Yes. Yes. Yes, you
get the API. And Jenna, you actually
didn't because you see these bonuses
that you get. So, you can wow yourself
to my email real quick and just wow
yourself. Throw that wow over here. And
I just dropped the API key, which is a
thousand dollar value. So, I think
that's worth the five. Uh, I got a ton
that I'm gonna build today, but I'm
getting a lot of snarky comments in the
chat right now. Even in the private
chat, like, Moon, when are you going to
start coding? Moon, I just did this. I
paid for this, bro. Whatever. I don't
need that. So, be
>> be have fun by yourself, bro.
>> Yes. Our slogan must be learn, baby,
learn so that we can earn, baby, earn.
>> Mundad for president. Munda for
president. Yeah, dude. Okay. How about
this, Jenna? Take that $5 a time, go get
your refund, and we're good. Everything
is backed by 100% 90-day money back
guarantee. And I went deep into the
lifetime all access. And I gave you guys
the chance to get in. So, if that's not
worth $5, definitely get your refund. I
don't need to be around people that are
trying to tell me to start coding or do
this or do that. I'm literally a quant
because I don't I don't respond well to
authority and I will never ever respect
somebody that comes up in here for five
and then tells me what to do, dude.
Never ever. And that will make me shut
down the whole thing forever and it's
gone. It's gone now. So, um please do
know that anything you ever buy from me,
including this 1500. It's so dope
because it's a 90day money back
guarantee. Now, in the past, since
you're probably listening to this on
replay now, it's not 10:11 Eastern time
on February 22nd. You caught me, dude.
I'm doing replay. I'm laying this replay
for the next 4 days. And everything that
I ever sell has a 90day money back
guarantee.
So, today, yes, I dove deep into this,
but I would argue that the things I said
are worth $5. And if you don't believe
so, then get that money back. But not
just the things I said. I actually went
ahead and I gave you the Mundev API key.
That is a $1,000 value.
mundave.com/doccks.
Go check it out. Have fun with it for
the day.
He says worth way more than $5. Dr. 777.
Jenna doesn't think so. And that's fine,
Jenna. You're not locked like we're
locked. But if you want to get locked,
then definitely jump into the lifetime.
The lifetime has everything that you're
asking for. Everything is backed by 100%
money back guarantee. No questions asked
ever. And that's the beautiful thing
about this. I get to do what I want to
do because when I turned 30, I was
already retired. So, what was I going to
do? Keep trading? Yes, of course. And I
kept trading. I kept getting liquidated.
So, 30 years old, not much on my plate.
Yes, I'm gonna go ahead and chase Jim
Simons now because the problem I have is
I'm getting liquidated by being a hand
trader emotional. And if I'm an
emotional trader and I live out the next
70 years, I will lose all of my money.
So, I met the dude that was training a
billion dollars a day and that's when it
clicked. Dude, you're just a bro like
me. I can do anything you can do. And I
locked in for four hours a day every
single day for five years and today is
the last day. So, $5 to get everything
for today. Yes, I was explaining the
entire lifetime offer for an hour, two
hours. And yes, I will put this on
replay for the next 4 days. And yes,
there's a 100% money back guarantee on
the $5 on a $500 or if something in the
future I sell for $50,000, it's going to
have a 90-day money back guarantee. But
guess what? If I do come out with
something high ticket, $50,000 price
tag, who's going to get it? The lifetime
members. So, Jenna, I highly encourage
you if you are here trying to learn some
things today, you should have read the
website first off, but I want to go
ahead and encourage you that the things
that you actually want to know are
inside the lifetime. What happens when
you watch over a real Quant shoulder?
Well, today he's saying his goodbyes.
He's saying thank you. He's saying he's
sorry. I do believe Kaggree equalizer. I
have presented you this opportunity for
5 years now. I have given you my actual
heart, soul, and literally the ups, the
downs, the good times, the bad times.
Dude, you don't understand how high
we've gotten and how low we've gotten.
I've been brought to damn near tears
multiple times here, dude.
I give you the ups. I give you the
downs. I get I'm jumping around here.
I'm excited, dude. But I'm a human. And
that's why I can't trade. I can't trade
because I'm a I'm an emotional being
just like you are. And if you're going
to go ahead and have your life savings
trading with with a liquidation level 2%
away, you're going to lose all your
money, dude. And I think you know that.
So, you found me, Jenna. Shout out to
you. You also found me somehow. I didn't
ask you to come here. So, much love to
you. 777. And I truly hope that
somebody, maybe it's Kelly, I don't
know. Somebody out here, please keep
take the torch from here. Please lead
with love. Please share things that
others won't share. Because the only
reason we're all here today is because
I've been doing something nobody in
their right mind would do. But I'm not
in my right mind. My right mind. If I
was in my right mind, I would be just
like everybody else. I'd be hiding
everything. I wouldn't share anything.
But I've shared everything. Jim Simons
wouldn't even done this. Mundave has.
So, please somebody take the torch from
here. You can see people even in the
private chat trying to boss me around,
trying to tell me what to do. There's
zero chance I'm going any more today.
Private chat, public chat, pay me a
million dollars or not. I don't care.
There's zero chance I'll ever listen to
anybody because you guys aren't. You've
never been in my shoes and you don't
know what I know and you don't even know
why I'm stopping this whole streaming
thing. I figured out something that
nobody else can figure out unless you
replicate exactly what I did and have
all of the knowledge I have.
That's it.
That's it. So, I mean, in my mind, this
was definitely worth five. And if it's
not worth five to you, it's all good.
You can get your money back. And if this
isn't worth 1,500 to you, it's all good.
Get get your money back. You have 90
days to decide once you jump in. Um,
it's all love. It's all love from 83% of
you. 83% of you. But I call you incelss,
but I've never called a woman an incel
before. She's an incel, too. Y'all can
get cooked, bro. I'm competing with you.
Just remember that. I'm competing with
you. I've just been super nice along the
way. And I thought I'd bring some homies
along the way. DJ Hamas, I wanted to
bring him along the way. A Trent, I
wanted to bring him along the way. These
people that keep showing up. and man, I
want to bring you on the way. People
that keep showing up, but if you ever
try to boss me around, dude, in my
public private or public chat, I shut
down. And that's maybe my downside. But,
you know, it is what it is. It is what
it is. It is what it is. I can't take
authority. And that's exactly why I'm an
algorithmic trader. I can't take
authority because everybody that has put
authority on me has proven to be wrong.
because that authority tells me I need
to do this or do that and I do it my way
and I'm right that way. So maybe it's
bigheaded to me. I don't know. Doesn't
matter. At the end of the day, I'm 36
years old. I'm not going to change much.
I'm really not. And I know that. So you
got to lean in. You got to lock in to to
what you what your vision is. And my
vision has gotten a hundred times bigger
since the last time you saw me. So you
think I have any sympathy for you paying
$5 so I can teach you exactly how to get
lifetime access? Hell no, dude. Hell no.
You pay me $5. Literally. Literally. Get
up out of here. Get your money back. If
you pay me $1,500, I will send you your
money back if you're whack. If somebody
were to say something like what a couple
people in the Zooms have said to me
today, I will refund them so quick. Cuz
remember, I don't respond well to people
telling me what to do.
And I'm literally a quant because I
don't have to listen to anybody.
Some would say that's [__] you money,
but it's not about the money, dude. It's
about the game. And I've just unlocked a
whole new level because you guys thought
I was autistic. Autistic enough to think
I could change Jim Simons's 31 billion.
Just wait, dude. Just wait. Just wait
because it's going to be Nvidia,
Microsoft, Apple, and Mund.
He's teaching us things right now if you
know how to listen. Absolutely. Jenna
came in here thinking I was going to
teach her how to automate their trading,
but Jenna, Jenna, darling, darling,
darling, check this out. This right here
is worth $5. That's a threehour step by
step in how to automate your trading.
I could roast you for years. This right
here is worth $5. Each one of these
separately. That's why I did this, dude.
I made you guys look stupid. You had to
join. You had to join. The reason you're
here is because you knew you had to
join. Because not only are you going to
get whatever I'm working on,
today I'm working on this. I'm working
on explaining this one last time so I
can have this video loop all day. Let's
go through every single thing the API
does. How about that? Let me go deeper.
You want to learn some more? Let's learn
how to cook. Let's learn how to lock in.
Let's learn how to play at the highest
level when you got 40, 50, 60 people
telling you you're trash. Let's learn.
Jenna, come on. Lock in. I don't know if
you can do this, Shorty. Let's go. Let's
go. First, you got to be able to read.
Then, you got to be able to realize
there's a 100% money back guarantee.
Plus, you got to be able to read between
the lines. Have you ever met somebody
like me? I don't think so. So, I blessed
you with two hours of a mindset that you
probably don't have. And I need you to
lock in, Jenna. I need you to believe
that you can also chase Jim Simons. I
need you to change your mindset. And the
other fools that said, "Mundave, start
coding." Like, "No, I'm never coding for
you guys again. I'm sorry. I've done
five years of this. I've shown
everything. This is the end. I can talk
[__] for the next four hours. A matter
of fact, I might just sit here and talk
[__] for four more hours. So, if you
want to exit, you can.
Much love to you. Much love to you. You
get everything here.
>> Don't even think about it, bro. Just
keep going. Let them find out who it
was. They going to be on you.
>> Don't even think about it, bro. just
keep going.
Oh man, this was fun. Thank you guys so
much for your time today. I will um
probably never see you guys again. But
dude, it's been fun. Shout out to Shout
out to the OG's. You know who you are.
Let's get it. I realize there's infinite
value. Cryptorific says Jenna says go.
Emanuel says, Jenna, go Google Jim
Simons. Jenna already left. She left
unfortunately.
If she was still here, I would talk [__]
for a long more a lot more. But she's
gone now. So that was my only fun.
Somebody else said some snarky [__]
earlier about like Mund get the coding.
Like nah, you ain't here. You ain't hear
Jay Will say that type of [__] cuz he
knows.
He knows, dude. So part of uh one
secret. I'll leave you guys with one
secret.
Jim Simons is not smarter than you. He's
not better than you.
Jim Simons had a better team than you
do. He had a better team around him.
Now, you know, I got into algorithmic
trading to be able to vibe out by myself
and build my own stuff. I didn't want a
team. I don't want any of that. So, what
I did is I built a community. Now,
there's hundreds of us.
And just like Jim,
Jim wasn't that smart. He just knew how
to build a team. And that's what I did
over the last 5 years. I built the the
biggest community, the best team to
attack Jim Simons for the rest of our
lives. But the cool thing is is we all
have like six, seven different AIs
working for us. So our team is debatably
sicker.
So build a great team around yourself.
If you don't have a team, make sure to
get into the lifetime because we're
locked for life and um you know
everything you're going to get. It's
lifetime access. Get access to
everything Mundav has to offer forever.
That includes the algo trade camp.
That's a $3,000 value because I hold
your hand step by step through the
process of automating your trading. You
get the AI master classes. This shows
you how to have AI do all the heavy
lifting for you. There are so many
things you need to catch up on. I was
talking to somebody today who I thought
was advanced in AI and he had even heard
of open code or open router. So there's
things I know that you don't know and
I'm trying to save you five years of
your life. If you want to log off now
and go back to the old way of trading
that's totally fine. I don't care. I
have a trillion dollars in my eye right
now and I'm about to turn off this Zoom.
Turn off the the uh stream. No, actually
I'm going to put the stream on repeat.
I'm going to put it on loop. So all you
Gil foils, you smarty pants out there.
Yes, it's a loop. This is a loop. This
is a loop. If it's not 10:23 a.m. on
Sunday, this is a loop. If you're still
cozy and it's it's night time, you're
going to bed and you're still hearing
me. It's a loop. It's a loop. It's a
loop. This is the end. This is the final
crash out. This is the end. Take me off
YouTube. Take me off Twitter. I don't
care. I don't need to hear from you guys
anymore. I don't need to see anybody
anymore. Okay. Thanks, guys. I
appreciate it. I appreciate you guys all
saying good job with the 100K
subscribers. I don't give a [__] I
don't give a [__] I care about the 83%
of people. I do, but I don't care about
this [__] number, dude. I'll delete
this [__] right now. I'll delete my
channel. I don't care. Twitter. Okay,
you ran it up, Mundavev. Last time I was
here, you had 4,000 Twitter followers.
Okay, I got 73,000 people. Know that I'm
locked. And I've been locked for 5
years. So, if you don't believe that my
five years of knowledge is worth $1,500,
then it's all good. Get smoked, bro. I'm
chasing Jim now. I'm chasing Jeff. Jeff
and Jim, the only only two people I got
on my mind. Let's get it. Jeff and Jim,
if you want to chase with me, let's do
it. You get the algo trade camp, which
is step by step exactly how to automate
your trading AI master classes shows you
step by step how to use AI for heavy
lifting. Go ahead and have Solana and
Poly Market bots by the end of this.
That's crazy. Nobody's even trading on
Poly Market, let alone with bots. And
you are cuz you're a quant now. A Quant
Elite, which is five years of code, 300
plus bots and back tests. So you don't
have to try to fiddle around with this
industry. Is your life, if 5 years of
your life is worth $1,500, you should
join right now. If it's not, then go
ahead and say that every course is a
scam. I would encourage you to go ahead
and make a decision for yourself. Just
like I had to make my own decision. Yo,
the last couple weeks has been really
sad. Actually, let me tell you this that
um people that have been locked in with
me for a long time have called me some
things and said I'm [__] they just
been saying some [__] that I would never
I would never think they would say, but
people are so sensitive over over
hardware right now. And I get it. I'm
going autistically hard into the max. I
get it. But damn, to see people turn
their back on me after multiple years
and say [__] that I've heard, dude.
Yeah, [__] that. I'm good. I got to keep
my mind so so clear. I was deep into
meditation this morning and that's why I
made the decision. The things I found
out this week of doing it by myself when
I had some people that are very close to
me saying I'm a [__] idiot.
Yeah, dude. It's when the good ones turn
bad that it's like, yeah, I don't need
to be here anymore.
So, I love you all. 83% the 83% of you
that are not intel, I love you so, so
much. and I couldn't have done it
without you. Literally,
five years of being able to lock in with
you guys, learning from you guys, it's
been beautiful.
And I feel like I'm on my 15th year only
because you guys are pushing me every
single day. The good, bad, and ugly. But
the people that were good this whole
time with good vibes throwing the 777 in
the chat. You don't understand how much
I appreciate that. That 777 day was
pivotal. That was two years ago and you
guys have been throwing 777 since. Dude,
I get the freaking chills just thinking
about how low I got in points of this
stream, dude. How [__] low I got
emotionally. Because I got so many
intelligent people around me telling me
I'm trash. I'm just a [__] vibe
coder. Oh, this guy three years ago,
this guy just uses AI to code. He's a
[__] idiot. Like, yeah, dude, stop.
I'm chasing something way bigger than
that. I don't need to hear those
negative things. Let me just cook. Let
me cook and maybe I'll build something
that you guys can use. You can be a
user. I don't know. If you want
everything I know about automated
trading, get in now.
I'm Yeah, I'm out. Much love to you
guys. 777.
I really appreciate you. 777 inc cells
dieing
to you. Make sure you watch this before
tonight if you have the chance. I wasn't
going to post this and you're not
supposed to see any of this. This video
will likely be the one that gets my
channel deleted. They really don't want
you to show see this. I promise. They
don't want me to show it. I'll probably
get sued for this. At the minimum, I'm
just going to take it down before it
gets taken down. But OpenClaw has
changed everything for me. And it's only
possible because I actually did the
work. I set up five Open Clauss on five
different computers while everybody was
saying use a VPS. Nobody's talking about
this because they literally can't talk
about it. They don't know. Everyone's
arguing about Ubuntu versus Windows
versus Macs versus VPS's. But I actually
put five open claws together on five
different computers. So I'm really the
only person that knows this information.
So you can see two here, another one
down here. These are different
computers, different open claws. I've
been cooking.
I've been cooking. They literally don't
know what I'm about to tell you. That's
why they can't say it. They can argue
about, you know, which machine to use.
That's fine. Go ahead, do that. But I'm
a data dog. I get the information for
myself. Like I said, I I need to
apologize because this is the end. I
believe code is a great equalizer.
I do. And that's why I've shared
everything for the last five years.
Everything, every idea I come across, I
test it live on YouTube and I share it
to the entire world. I get dragged by so
many people. I don't need that energy.
No way. And you knew this time was going
to come someday. You knew it was going
to come. You knew someday I was going to
hit the quote unquote holy grail, even
though there is no such thing as the
holy grail in trading.
But just like algo trading, I'm never
going to just say, "Hey, run this bot."
Nobody's going to just feed you a
million-dollar bot. Just like algo
trading, whoever cracks this open claw
multicomput, five AIs, whether it's open
claw or not, five computers, 10
computers, 20 computers, 100 computers,
200 computers, all working 24/7.
Obviously, that person's not going to
share that edge with you. And that
person is me. I'm the first. I win. So
on Thursday, I'm out.
Thursday at midnight, you will not hear
from me again. I'm gone. Bye-bye. people
in the lifetime. Of course, I'm never
going to leave Discord. I'm never going
to leave my my family, but everybody
else,
goodbye. It's been fun. So, I apologize
because I do believe code is a great
equalizer and I said I would share this
until I got to Jim Simons, but sometimes
the edge is so so heavy and it's a
winner take all thing
and I think this is huge.
I think I compete with compete with
Amazon, Google.
Yes, that's where I'm thinking. So, that
opportunity is going to take me some
time to put the infrastructure together
and build the systems out so we can
execute it. Yes, I'll give you a hint.
Multi-computer AI running 247 365. I
need to go ahead and get so much
hardware and you guys are going to say I
need VPS's, but you literally do not
know the opportunity.
So, the cool thing is is I've shown
everything in order to get to this point
to this point in time here on February
22nd. Okay, come on, dude. On Thursday,
I'm gone. I'm Ghost. I will give you
that three days because I'm nice and
I've always been nice and I do believe
Code is great equalizer. So, you can see
the Quant app right here. This was a
huge unlock. A huge huge huge unlock we
had. Why? Because we can literally see
everybody's positions. We can see when
you're squirming. You always thought
Wall Street could see your positions and
you're right. But I can too. And
everybody here in this Zoom, they can as
well because they have the API key. The
API key powers the Moondev app where I
can see literally everybody's positions
and so can you. But not only that, I can
go ahead and code times six. I got six
clog codes locked in with me all day
long. You think you can compete with
that? No way. The people in the chat,
the Zoom lifetime members, they have the
API key. They have the app. I can back
test forever here and see unlimited
strategies that work. 300% return, 137%
return. All of these things, dude. Yeah,
it's just for people that are in the
lifetime. And like I said, I'm out of
here. I'm out of here. I got too much a
I got too much opportunity. I cracked I
cracked this entire system. I've got
five open claws and I need to scale to
more. I need my time back. So, I will
not be teaching this Thursday at
midnight. That's the end. You get the
API key. You get all of my courses. You
get the Mundev app. You get unlimited
data. I'll go ahead and explain
everything you get for the final time.
When I whenever I do have the urge to
share this again, it will be private
streams only and there will be no
public. There will be nothing for the
public.
You can see you can literally get data
for the last 10 years
on BTC or any symbol you want inside of
the Moondev app. I give you all my
resources because my thesis has always
been if I can get you caught up to speed
with me, then you're an asset to the
community. You're an asset to me, I can
learn from you. So, I've given you a
couple months to join the lifetime
access, get everything I know. Every
course I have that holds your hand step
by step in the process of automating
your trading. every other course I have
like the Solana courses, the Poly
Marketbot courses, my literal app that I
use all day long in order to code way
better than anybody else cuz I got six
clog codes here. You've got one. I've
got my back test machine where I can
hyper back test
and then I can see everybody's positions
and this is just 1% of the lifetime
offer. That's the thing. But on
Thursday, it's gone. I need my time
back. I'm sorry, dude. I need to not
speak through this stuff and I need to
just lock in. This is the biggest
opportunity I've ever seen in my entire
life and there's zero chance I am
sharing this one. I'm sorry. I believe
code's a great equalizer. And the good
thing, dude, is the the only reason I
was able to figure this out is because I
lock in every single day with you. The
thing that I figured out, I showed you
every step of the way. Am I going to
spoon feed you? Absolutely not. Neither
am I going to spoon feed you inside of
my boot camp. the boot camp. You know, I
don't believe that people are just going
to give you a profitable trading bot
because there's something called alpha
decay.
The alpha will disappear.
And this opportunity with my five
computers, this is a a winner takes all.
Like I said, I'm I'm trying to compete
with Amazon, Google, and them now. So,
obviously, I cannot share those secrets
anymore. So, I apologize. I still
believe code is a great equalizer. I
still will have my YouTube channel. You
can dive deep into it and learn it
everything that I've learned. Learn
everything I've learned and then you can
go ahead and do anything I'm I'm doing.
This is the last opportunity to get the
lifetime as well. Now, I'll explain it
one last time. Moonv.com
This is what you're going to get, dude.
I'll explain it one last time. You get
everything, but this is closed on
Thursday and I'm not kidding. The algo
trade camp. This is where I hold your
hand step by step through the process of
automating your training. It's at least
a $3,000 value because I show you
exactly how to automate your training,
even if you don't know how to code. On
top of that, I give you the AI master
classes. This gets you up to speed with
me and AI. Anything I can build, you
know how to build by the time you go
through the Algo Trade Camp and the AI
master classes, the Solana onchain bot
courses. This was so hard to build. It's
obviously a $15,000 value because or
$1,500 value because it should be a
$15,000 value. At the end of the day, I
spent six months trying to go through
this and figure it out. I made it easy
for you. You get the Poly Market trading
bot course as well. Nobody is many
people are not even trading on Poly
Market yet. And you can use bots plus
these private zooms. After I get all my
infrastructure back, if I come back, it
will be private Zooms